to to
[Music]
[Applause]
H
[Music]
and
ah
[Music]
B
T
[Music]
B
a
[Music]
k
[Applause]
[Music]
I have
[Applause]
[Music]
T
[Applause]
[Music]
T Oh
T
[Music]
Oh
Oh Oh
[Music]
Oh
I have
[Music]
Good evening, how are we my people?
How is my Rock? Here he wants
firewood Wow, what a night and what a late night I have
I started with the night we have. Eh
Well with the night we have Although
hard to top the night we had
yesterday eh
very difficult, very difficult to overcome what
happened here last night okay not yet
I surpassed yesterday's live. Well, today I don't know.
If we are going to overcome this, but well, today
We're going to take it very calmly, yes.
I have several things to say, thank you.
First of all to all of you who
you have become a member during the day
because yes then during the afternoon during
At night, other creators have come out
reacting to the controversy but always
the salseria is the place where where
gossip is made and where it is made
Fat gossip is worth it. Later on in the day.
Next Well, well, it is commented
news and in fact in fact in these
moments that I am greeting you And
you are entering you are entering
By making yourself comfortable you are not giving it to the
like button and all that stuff in
these moments in these moments still
anug is trending on Twitter okay
nothing anug is worthless, that's a bastard
You were a trend when you went to Iker
Jiménez because people were
messing with what they had done to you
of makeup so that they wouldn't be seen
the grandparents with the literal face eh I don't know
I'm saying it, girl, eh, it was all of them
the tweets telling him
What a marvel the makeup artists from ik
Jiménez is worth it, literally, and today it's viral.
because in the salsería we have discovered
This clip, holy God, Javi, was a long time ago
I hadn't seen anything so cinematic
about Anu and Princess And look what
I feel some pity for this one
last to me, little princess, I don't give a damn
It's a pity for several reasons
I have gone from being good, I disliked him, to being
See, it's not that I like him now.
I haven't seen much either
but I haven't seen much more about it either.
topic but he was not a person with whom
I would get along very well, the truth But
Now I consider him our father
from now on our
Father, turn it around as you wish.
true the volume is fine you have to
always raise it a little bit ours
father The man we have to
Taking example has gone from Beta to Alpha
with some horns in between or rather
Let's see, being honest, we
here when we have dealt with this type of
gossip has always been good to see
[ __ ] there were some who had
a behavior that reminded me of
Uncle Sh when he put the extrail on her
selling
Okay Javi, no, I have nightmares.
imagining things, well, let's see your mind
horny is your problem miss
Okay, good night, that's really...
I've found a [ __ ] movie about An.
[ __ ] cinema said Beta but Beta Beta
at the level of I adapt to the list of
requirements that little princess demands for
can
ligs I adapt
I'm with her, I swallow the horns and
then I assume her horns I have her for a year
in my room smelling like
Chetos and I give it back to you because we have
that to come back or so it seemed to me a
wonderful play on top of that apparently
We have a great team here because
clear this This is Elo this is elip What
it's okay, that is, the telesalseo team and
the salsa team and Javi's team
Oliveira seems like a [ __ ] to me
wonder
and I think I think we just got out of
a live broadcast on the main channel of 4000
viewers So thanks to those who
You have chosen my channel tonight
main thing to inform you about is the
Daniel Sancho theme we have had tuyupa
and now over here we are going to have
also the wicked hour this Look at 1
In the morning we started this as if
outside The Martian Chronicle but in a way
literally my team has
I got my team and we're going to have it
tonight here
Okay, let's see those Lives where I
I can see them Let's see those lies where I
can see them we are going to have tonight
Here are the first statements
the first statements
[Music]
Miss Alice's profile
strange if you followed yesterday's Lord
You know who it is We are not going to have it
we're going to have here he called me
liar I think I don't know why it's worth it
But well, we are going to have the ones here
first statements and the first
Miss Alicia's reaction profile
They tell me strange, they told you that you were a liar, okay?
He's messed things up. Well, we'll see it here, okay?
We see it here okay we see it here
We see here to remind you all of
always okay live shows can be done
Enjoy then fully if you are
member of the Channel you can enjoy it at
the time you want and completely
no ads if you are a member it's worth 90
cents whoever does not become a member is
a complete rat okay he's a super guy and
On the other hand, if you don't want to do it
member Don't worry because tomorrow in
24 hours or so then you will have a
video summary with the best moments
apart from the extracts I would have
liked to make a video for the channel
main one in fact I have like three
videos already accumulated for the channel
main this one is already leaving me this one is already for
the main channel will no longer give
time no longer has meaning but I
I would have loved it, what happens is that the
editor is chungu yo tesa Many
thanks a round of applause for tesa who gave us
just gave away 10 members or 10
new people will be able to enjoy
of the full live stream at any time
at any time and without advertising
little princess has said two things that I
know until now is worth before
revisit Last Night's Magic
because I call that magic there are people
There are people who give you gossip news
that reacts to clips of gossip and then
there is the
sauce shop where the sauce is cooked is worth it
And last night here was magic 5000
people here last night rolling around in the
floor Enjoying the cinema is worth it
Let's see the true cinema of Almodovar.
What did the little princess say because
There are two things to comment on. Okay,
first thing I would comment on while
I applauded Tesa and while we give her
Welcome to Tom who has just left
becoming a member would be the next step
I cover it but nothing happens because I'm going to do it
Let's move it here, little princess who has
I put the account on lock, okay, I know.
I could have said that I'm getting excited
I'm getting excited with what they are
1:20 in the morning, watch out, I'm going to shoot
and I become cucu and you are writing to me
very worried about
I surely do not pronounce
Surely something like this will be said
all good, it's not my first funa, well no
They are not doing it, they are not doing it, we are
gossiping about the story that she
same has counted okay or so it is not a
funa that is not a funa and I am
I didn't think it would be maximized.
This is so true because always
I think I'm a random already. You're welcome.
little princess You're welcome
Okay, if Interview wants to call you for
a cover
[Music]
You will thank me for this all your life, but everything
It's okay, don't worry, I'm tough.
I guess I'll be inactive for a while.
a few weeks or in the same sentence you
says I'm tough for a while to get to
got al good I'm tanned for a while and you
He says he's going away for a few weeks, princess.
don't even think about leaving
nails
weeks a while a few hours or whatever
You want it perfect but here we want
come on, it's more from here
openly
I openly invite Princess
to spend a night here
with
We represent her as Juanca the
mother of isap good as the
Let's represent the same as Juanca the mother
I don't know if they will leave us with Isapi.
many contacts also I tell you okay nor
She thinks she'll be gone for a good week.
in honor of the truth David in honor of the
truth has stuck a lot many days
that's okay HM
is down is down I guess
I will be inactive for a week because I have
exams But I'm fine and I have the
very clear conscience I love you very much
Thanks for always being okay apart from
That's why we have another little thing. And that is also
It has been pronounced today, okay, we'll see.
later first Let's review the
history but we also have to
listen to this notice because I
I would call this a warning as well as a
pretty serious warning I also tell you what
We listen and you comment, okay?
ta
ta 3 do 1 fire Today is
Don't tell me that
rare profile with how much love it is and how it falls on me
has had
sauce has been splashed because it came out
in the conversation of
anu is already
went up is that I don't know
It seems ironic I don't know what I'm going back to
repeat I'm not going to say absolutely
no information You are not going to get
absolutely nothing of this live more
that I saying things that are rhetorical or not
no hidden meaning with it
which You won't be able to get a [ __ ]
clip drawing conclusions from Absolut
Thanks a lot
Isuka, thank you very much, Sisuka, a
Everyone applauds Sisuka who finishes
of giving away 10 members nothing because you are
some [ __ ] shitty gossips who could
do it but I'm not going to do it
I consider a minimum of 3% of good people
3%
jav recording the Stream in
Mira Java plan how
is what Gan berrill what Gan berrill what
Gan berrill little princess what a sense of humor
what a great sense of humor, what a great problem
is that I would stay with this one
The problem is that I would stay
with this phrase
little princess, I don't know
It seems ironic I don't know what I'm going back to
repeat I'm not going to say absolutely
no information You are not going to get
absolutely nothing of this live more
that I saying things rhetorically or without
no hidden meaning with it
which You won't be able to get a [ __ ]
clip drawing conclusion of absolutely
nothing because you are [ __ ] gossips
[ __ ] has lied to us again and we are not
He has lied to us again and we are not
anuc We have 12 minutes of here
little princess giving us explanations and
commenting on the
gossip okay, he lied to us again and no
We are anuk but first I think that
we should review a little for the people
that you were not able to enjoy the night
yesterday and let's put it into context a little
Okay, let's put it into context a little bit.
situation How we have gone from this
tweet
She is my friend for a long time and my
moderator even understand that not
you can have friends because all the
blood that runs through your body ends
on your [ __ ] Thank you very much, you are very pretty
I hope you had a great time at
Today's Stream
Hey, a kiss, a kiss, and welcome everyone.
Those who come there, okay, I understand that
you can't have friends because all the
blood that runs through your body ends
on your [ __ ] but don't project yourself on
my
anu what was his name and whose last name was Pérez
was
Perez doesn't tell me
I agree what his name was
nuk no me
I agree, but oh well, how we have gone from
I will never trust this again.
man in my life everyone is equal abisu
Thank you so much for those five
members heart Thank you very much
Thank you very much, of course.
And we are talking about it, we must not forget
This lady is
This is where the denigrated
men but you live off them yes I am yes
I am yes I am and I don't have I don't have any
kind of resentment or shame
respect but none absolutely
none of the men what they are good for
give you money, what will it be used for?
absolutely nothing else What can you do
a man who cannot make a woman
absolutely nothing darling to give you
money Elena Thank you so much for that
member a big kiss Well this is the
definition that makes a little princess of her
behavior towards men
Princess and Anuk, we love you this day
anime entertains us a lot
Javi Thank you very much, yours didn't come out right for me.
Name Thank you
[Music]
Claro friend
eh to review history and that no one
Losing absolutely nothing is worth it And for
what anug is the goat
little princess made this list that for
true if we stick to the
In reality, I would even dare to say
because I think that this is what
We reacted that this list was made by
being already with the anu eh in
relationship I would swear that this list was made
being with
anuk in relation
But well these are the requirements that
In case I tell you from here too,
If any of you are interested, okay, these are the ones
requirements that
little princess announces for a man to
conquer so that a man can do good
not to conquer it as such but for what
less opt to propose himself as a suitor
okay to treat her like one
princess a secure future
economic stability
emotional same vision of the
people values ​​and ethics. That is, she me
It delights because it calls values ​​and ethics to
LGBT feminism and
social you have to I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know
I know you have to be What does this mean
that you have to be LGBT, I don't know, no
I understand but well I imagine that well
I don't know or understand what he is doing
like attitude
dominant and non-fragile masculinity
then this piece of
Champion, give Elion a kiss, this piece of
champion this tiger that you should
learning is worth it. I'm the one who gets involved
a lot with him but I really
I think I underestimated it
too much Really or
be it what it is
you underestimated he says
who approached the little princess as if she were
the true friend as if he were the
true friend capable of seeing a woman
as something more than a sexual object eh
I understand that you can't have female friends
because all the blood that runs through you
body ends in your
[ __ ] Although I do think that anu I
I've always thought so, eh, I've always
thought that anu was simp of Abi in
reality but as it could not be
with
Abi, well, it seems that he has been left with the
no well that's how it is an inspiration Abi she
She has always said that she
It inspired Abi a lot who wanted to be
like her and others we are not going to give a
review let's give a little review to
what happened yesterday
Okay, and my mother tells me, maybe it is
who doesn't want you to graduate
Oops
And that's the typical smoke, I tried it.
with the best with such Then it was bread
visit but then when he went to the house
from ibai it was never for visiting you have
had to stay with the anug all the
move with which you have finished is worth it.
you go with the one who actually had the
original not as a goal like Abi Abi
has other aspirations in life
the little princess went with clear imitation
no and she was a little princess, what about her and her uncle
I mean the [ __ ] anu Get a little princess
The other one is already putting up with it.
note that he neither likes nor
nothing and he stays that cuckold and is
It remains to be seen but it will not go to you
when I was fighting with
anu the notes sent me a photo no no no
No
You said with a photo as if to tell me
who is with a turkey and the turkey The
Little princess, I tell you how to forget these
magical moments that only happen here, eh
How can we forget these magical moments?
They only happen here when I was there.
challenging to a debate I still don't remember why
what topic it was and the guy told me no
because I was in very good company, okay?
great guy here I am jerking off
Okay, and the guy is bragging to me that
I was with a
woman Cesar a kiss handsome welcome
to brag that I was with a
woman made Princess get like that
that room and take a picture of it
a little bit of it there
completely objectifying hair
no no no Of course it is, little princess it is
little princess or rather anu and
little princess were enjoying that night
from the best gossip channel aldaro a
kiss a kiss I send a photo as if to
tell me that he was with a girl and the
turkey The Little Princess I tell you that she makes a
year was going to be the father of my children
you understand and it's [ __ ] [ __ ] because
I feel like I'll never get there
find a love like this at first
of change leaves me stranded Well, well and
asking to come back a month ago and now
you're with another I want her to die in
plan I want my life to disappear
level of I wouldn't give a [ __ ] if
He is dead because I don't want to see him again
see in my life You understand me I am the best
woman who has been through and is going to go through her
life and apart too Oh but it is that
this is gold
eh Is this this really Or is this
moment in which anu leaks her
live WhatsApp conversation
okay this moment when anu leaks
your WhatsApp conversation and confirm
that I was with
little princess Paula and says love I'm going to you
eat the face you are mine objectifying the
all the time dude the [ __ ] goat eh the
nu and says
little princess, let's see, little princess had
said before, of course, this is
important that you are very
intelligent and says clearly that's what he wants
It fills you up a lot and it gives you the high and
It says love in capital letters, I'm going to eat your
face you are
mine and then little princess answers her
apart from a little bit of me and baby yes
we have children will be smarter
here
little princess was scheming no longer like
My goodness, what a mess you've been in.
Librado okay but of course here little princess
I would say if you have four chromosomes and
I have
We two have a son and they have
six totally Clear already says if you are
a little bit and another little bit. Of course.
evidently the formula always gives
No, here what I love are several
details that we will take into account
Tonight
okay, the first thing that catches my attention
The first thing that caught my attention
attention is
the group with their colleagues
[ __ ] why do you have a group with
your colleagues who are called
[ __ ] with how offensive that is
Okay
then outside the role of the internet
I have a group called [ __ ]
Okay
then Here we see two pretty chat
suspects one is with a profile
rare and another with Diana
Barcelona, ​​which I don't know what it means
when when these are like this as well as more
dark when they are like this
darker What
It's worth about Alice's rare profile
we will talk tonight
Okay, we have things
we have little things
Ah
silenced by
what A
view archive mute
do not fix
up because I don't get any
option here that I could try
I have Karim on mute and I don't
appears hidden
I don't know. So what do the most mean?
further
dark locked can't
can't be blocked
be good, let's see, we have some things, okay?
Alicia rare profile
We have one here
interaction Hello excuse me gref this is
a tet an Look there is a white spot on
middle of the screen I can't stop
look at him do something and says Alicia profile
weird son of a [ __ ] I hadn't noticed
So far, you're welcome, many
hearts Alicia rare profile to me
They have to explain why the kid is there
who literally went to do a
directly to a country at war to do
a report and dedicates all its content
to report on current events
politics and then we have here the
Possible Diana Barcelona but I'm not going to
put on screen because it only has
285 followers And then I understand that it is
an anonymous person although although
Diana Barcelona to Diana Barcelona the
know several streamers
the relationship is worth it at first
between little princess and
anug did not set completely did not set at all
all because it didn't satisfy her
Okay, it didn't quite satisfy her.
n worth why because he was a Beta because
I was a beta and when you are a Beta you
They drive okay They drive you and you how and and and
and no no no they don't want to fall in love with you
When you are an Alpha, okay. That's how it was, eh?
that is to say, it has literally been
so she suits him, that is, he is good
with her, brother-in-law, brother-in-law, imo, Maria
Dolores, a kiss, welcome, queen, I hope
have a great time you become
in a
I was praying for you for 3 hours in a row
direct But well How does it begin?
relationship because the relationship begins little
little by little without becoming something serious
until a few months pass and in those
months while the solidifies
relationship or
He doesn't cheat on her, he does.
horns according to little princess for two reasons
one because they were not boyfriends as such
and two because he didn't know how to stop the guy who
I was literally sticking my neck out here
You have it even if I had done that to him
It's that I look at ch I have never had I
I have never put the
horns I mean yes I have lived many
breakups Well if one with 15
years ago they replaced me but from me
more mature no and you know what happens to me
You know a lot and you know that I have
a lot of ego always, that is, I am a person
with a lot of ego then you are to me
situations what pisses me off about them is
that they hurt me, they hurt my ego like
They make me doubt myself many times you know
like [ __ ] if this had happened it would be
that I'm not enough you know like but
I mean, I'm sure that really no no
but I don't know there are many
thoughts or so then it is
complicated until they all go away
I suppose you forgave infidelities.
that let's see this can't be done either
consider a
because we weren't together But we were going to
come back you understand me in plan it's like that
we were in a break time that
We kept talking about how we had to go back and
that suddenly Well, from one day to the next
to be talking
Well, I saw him every day in
class obsessed with me and at the same time
I had a partner. I didn't know how to handle it.
situation I didn't know how to stop the kid, I didn't
I was clear about whether I liked the kid or not
I didn't know how to stop the kid, eh, the excuse of
She also didn't know how to stop it And then
It became a cluster of intrigue
doubt I didn't have much with me either
relationship lasted two months and then and
No, I didn't know how to handle the situation.
So I let it go and the
months and I let it go and it's wrong in that
moment I should have cut the
relationship and having said bro here no
But well, the months passed, this kid
He was still obsessed with me and I didn't know
manage it so to speak
and at one point I got involved with
he And I thought bro this obviously I
I knew it wasn't right but but
I did, I paid homage to myself, no ...
I had two
options to assume that it was too much for
a Beta like him messing with a female
of such caliber to assume that masculinity
as built it leads nowhere and
put videos of the topic
or keep it to myself
of queen in the future What is a gambit
Queen's Gambit A Queen's Gambit is the
next chess move is worth the
chess has three phases opening medium
game and endgame the queen's gambit is a
opening made by the person who moves the
white chips that start the game
The chessboard is divided into a
algebraic notation in which the 64
squares are identified with two
unique letters from A to H for the
columns and 1st to 8th for the row in
that nomenclature the movements are
They describe it like this, this means that
White, well, anyway, gambit is the
name of the chess opening where
material is sacrificed, it is worth eating it
cuqueo ate the cuqueo
but that one
soldier takes it
saved That cuqueo was a
investment that was later collected with
interest with interest
Okay, you forgave infidelities
is that let's see this, it's not possible either
consider it an infidelity because it is not
We were together But we were going to get back together
you understand like it's like we were
in a break time that will be seen in
reality is not here she is right
It's not an infidelity, we were talking about that
We had vol So it's not infidelity
As such, what I think is there
past is that he
eh he's had it there for a while when
has already known how to arla or that is to say give you
He says that even now, and that's why I admire him.
so much eh Even though he has the face
that has
anu has been able to moderate the chat of
Little John that has two pairs of
balls okay And with the community that
Juan has it but I don't say it by number
Yes, because what a fabric, what a fabric it is
community of Juan
anu that piece of tiger has
moderate has moderated is not nonsense eh
has moderated Juan's chat and has
moderate to a feminist of Light
Liner Ricky Eddie Who messes with you so much
anu Ricky Eddie that we are going to see today
Now Ricky Eddy's live show no, because
Ricky Ed has been here for hours
directly reacting to this and it's like
Ricky Ricky Ricky calm down
champion who still comes and tames you
that I consider that
he's smarter than Ricky
Eddy but in almost every way eh
careful, or rather Ricky Eddy got the hang of it
tattoos of snakes and not
It's not just that I cuckold it, but that
I was going to cuckold a second time with him
same with Ricky's permission and that Ricky
publicly to ask him a series of
videos to the dala
okay he brought it from
Andorra and pretended with her and invented
with her that the uncle tried her
rape okay so that means that Aha Ricky
surely today will go there
badete at the end anuk terminal with Lali and
and the dressage ends with Lali and the dressage
not like the riuk is worth
listen to me talking about
Ricky This was what
said the cheeky little princess about
Lali's horns, do you think that
I was really excited and won a lot of money
money at my expense. Well now you're screwed.
happens is great it's late
ayos jaens jaens if you are a bad person you
bad things happen in life a kiss
Duarte is what he has, uncle is what he is
Karma has you are a bad person and you
You behave badly with people. Well, then.
Let us not complain if things go well for us and we have
time that you have spent lying down that
that that and many people tell me Paula but
Don't do the same thing. Hey, hey, can you help me?
do it I'm going to ask Aiden
I'm going to ask Aiden
graphic definition of spitting for
above
I just asked Aiden something.
I just
ask him I just asked him
Aiden something that as I do it such and such
as I have it in mind it will be
brutal worth it
everything will get better with little Thanks baby but
and it's like it's true that I've never
lived a situation where I have been
replaced you understand me or so yes I have
I've experienced many breakups. Well, yes.
One with 15 years they did replace me
but I'm not more mature and you know what?
It happens that you know me very well and you know that
I always have a lot of ego, that is, I am a
person with a big ego then to me
These situations are what pisses me off.
They are the ones who damage me, they damage my ego
like they make me doubt myself a lot
Sometimes you know like hell if it happened
This will be that I am not enough is that
see this I don't know when it was an Ally either
of built horns when it is the
cornea goes crazy for
He listens
this Listen to this that this is from
Shameless of the
time to cry for the year I think this
also type this situation has to be valued
that there are few people who are
good and noble and well in part I think
that makes me makes me be a good one
person realizing that I would not do
What they have done to me, you understand
Oh but how the hell would this happen? I mean, I wouldn't do it.
what they did to me and literally did it to me
before or rather how could I not do it?
what he did to me but he did it against him
worse No because of course he has already done it
supposedly made in a
break is already he returned it to her no
To break the tie, it is worth paying attention
in this look at this guy This is a
anu's tweet from
Oh, I don't know, but it was at the end of last year.
Okay, look at this t, I'm criticizing
Clone is worth it for these girls who
In TT they did the cleavage thing and so on. Okay.
says an eye eh what is it that this one has me
seemed like a wonder to put it here
It's worth what's crazy that there is
men who see this [ __ ] or something else
Stream for a
cleavage the real problem is that many
guys can't control their impulses
sexual and spend hours watching this
Criticism should go to the education of the
man if there is no demand
finish a little more it seems that you are
talking about not buying from
dosta vale is like
Ah
not that at that moment you were with
little princess
dude you're a jea you're a
jea What are the streams about?
little princess of physics
quantum is here is here where it is
demeans men but lives off
they yes I am yes I am yes I am and I don't have no
I have no resentment whatsoever
shame about it but none
absolutely none of the men for
What are they used to give you money for?
They will serve absolutely nothing more than
can a man do if he can't do
a woman absolutely nothing darling
give you
brutal money eh
brutal
eh brutal brutal imo
uncle a
See Thanks for so much cinema Javi
Trian Nero cigarette How are you? How are you?
handsome
[Laughs]
What a bunch of scoundrels I have.
here in the chat eh
Anu has responded by liking this
tweet let's stop normalizing telling everything
your [ __ ] life publicly for real
You just lose and we don't give a [ __ ] about you.
Good afternoon and we also have one
story that was uploaded a while ago
Hey Raul, would you hurt a woman?
[Music]
never Alice rare profile is pronounced and
says he would have nothing with vale sea se
self-discards okay we could say that
Alicia profile
rare to self-
rules out foul
explaining mother of
God
Okay, what do you have to know about that?
Exactly why have I been put in a
[ __ ] that I have absolutely no part of
nothing absolutely nothing to do with it
I understand guilty guilty Forgive me
Alicia weird profile really sorry
I have nothing against you, I don't have anything against you.
I know okay I'm glad you didn't
had nothing with him and that's a good thing
Good news, grandpa and kids
I love you very much. Hey, are you going to address the issue?
from the doxing of
pd arm the mini 2. in fact I think it
I have it open there in a tab for
to treat it
then Today is the no another one who says no
We'll talk in six months
Javi Never Say
Alicia Never say I won't drink water
you can always fall into it
sin I have not tried myself either
report I have looked and have not found
absolutely nothing where I was
saying in the style of Where did it come from?
taken out no story
rare I don't understand why I wanted to
look to see if there were any photos of any
the form of something where I would be thrown into
face something but I haven't found it either
nothing then I say And why do people tell me
He's saying they put the thread on you, yes
Yeah man, they've gotten me into a mess. I'm
the gossip I'll tell you no no the gossip
Between the two of them, I know what I don't know.
What the hell am I doing? That's what I'm not doing.
I understand like I understand that
One of them leaked something, eh?
screenshots where I was talking to her
Ok And since they are conversations of
WhatsApp appears on the left.
other contacts with whom I have
spoken and it seems that I was about
there and I don't even know what message it would be or anything
because I haven't spoken to him about
no way like that ever seemed like that, eh?
He is a person I have known for two years.
years of going out to party and such
by the old group of friends who
we had and and he said to me Are you coming to the
party of I don't know what I don't know how many and
In the end I didn't even go or anything but
It must be that I seemed out there in a
in a screenshot and now the
people are saying that
if I don't know if I am the third
person with whom they have put the
horns to I don't know who like touch your
Damn, man, I'm not a person who doesn't
I try to get involved in any move
Suddenly they put me in a mess bro
touch your
dick I have absolutely nothing to
have nothing to do with them, man.
Leave me alone like stay away from me
God yes yes I am in with that, man.
plan should be would be the only girl who
there was something in the conversations or not
I have no idea, no [ __ ] idea, but come on or
be the people have
eh an abysmal imagination mate one
abysmal imagination I see a message from
someone like that obviously you don't
I'm going to teach the conversations that
I have private conversations with people but it's just that
We talk once every three months and it's
roll you are going to go to such a party you are going to go such
event yes no worth it
Cool is that literally
m no i don't know
Whatever So curious now I'm a
homewrecker
heartbreaker breaks couples eh eh
promoter of infidelity
and so on, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know what the [ __ ]
I paint there But well everything bad that I
Come on, I don't believe you, you have a photo of
Pitbull in the
fourth does not seem like an indication to me
enough does not seem like an indication to me
enough Let's give it a vote just in case
at some point you suddenly see that
They tell me something like that again in
messages or Well I've already explained it
Now don't take off your label like
that now yes Not even if they had told me
more times or something
Calm down. Forgive me but I don't have
absolutely nothing to do with that or anything
that no we smoke four for rzo don't you
I forgive you I forgive you Alicia you
I forgive I forgive you I forgive you to see me
you made me have a bad time
true but I forgive you I forgive you since
You ask me for forgiveness, I forgive you, I am not
spiteful if you want to come around here once
night Alicia rare profile to chat
You can come, okay? Cristina Miranda, beautiful.
Welcome Welcome Thank you very much for
I don't know if that's a Prime or what it is.
It's not F my four joints because one
inels Twitter account says this
because it has absolutely nothing to do
see and we have even seen Peña who has
uploaded my video talking about me
I recorded the video this morning, what the [ __ ]?
I found out You know I recorded the
video and I edited it all this morning and
I uploaded it and minutes before I
received messages like Alice this
I don't know what and what the hell are they talking about?
talking bro and those who found out
They were here last night but that's what it is
Let's see, raise your hands those who
be members found out to see clearly
is that if you are not subscribed to the
salsa bar because you miss a lot. Of course
I had to put it on Twitter myself to
try try to understand But oh well
It's like everything is eliminated it must be that the
people have smoked four joints and have
said is true, it has no truth
nothing to do with it but well I guess in
In a week or so, GDP will rise
video eh talking about gossip or whatever
be invented and will get me involved
Well, I'll have to come out inside.
from a week to defend myself or something can
be and and that a lot of things come to me
idiot thinking that I have done something
Okay, fine. Now that you said the
Five tips for Ali: I became an orphan
orphan With what Hey I think they are
Good advice. I've been to them.
studying I have been searching I have been
writing there with the gpt chat I said
let's develop these points I don't know what not
I know how much this is worth, I think this is about
I don't know what I took, I copied it
I made a script and corrected it.
things and I've been there you've been
searching of course I have been
looking for man by
supposed
Okay, Abi asks that they not interfere
the lives of others When asked
by anu and
little princess, let's see Javi, I love you very much
handsome I do you
I want dead [ __ ], fertilizer for me
I have put worse things in the garden for
Throw it at me now but you wouldn't have
massive complaints you know and if I put
[ __ ] parenthesis I open parenthesis I close
parentheses fertilizer for my garden if I put
this is whoring
fertilizer to me
garden yes yes I tweet this This is not
bannable no plan for this they can't me
throw the
Enough of censorship, already uncle wants
Calling people [ __ ] nowadays is
that nothing can be said
eh You can't say [ __ ] today in
day bro is fed up I want to wish the
death to the people quietly crazy
invite me again and the [ __ ] invited me again
invite you [ __ ], the [ __ ] did it to me again
invite but catch on because the story
This is tremendous, your W col thing.
This says look what a tremendous signing for the
King Lich, a [ __ ] who bullied
extorting a kid and when he said
that would tell what was happening hit him
a beating that they don't even think of doing
anti bullying having this element no
It's not that WCO is brutal around here.
we have the cline that has gone viral
today with gref there of course you don't know
des fuos ellipo deos to a brothel yes
a brothel is gone, we are all like this
That was full of cats, it's not a Thing
incredible but so as not to burn ourselves
let's burn the players in reality
those who are single came Exactly to
see if
some singles cl but you were I was
I went But it's because I went for work A
Sometimes the bride has to understand that
There are things that need to be worked on, that's it.
very footballer Mecha graci because you
You told me that on WhatsApp and I told you that.
I can read live and you told me no
You say that because they kill me but I come to
you
Direct Yes because if I say so I
All I can say is that there are players who
They weren't He says it and I'm going to give bad
information I'm not going to say the information
complete is much better then who
has not had a humble moment but of
there to end up crying for Anuj there
levels
[Music]
Hey, but I'm on your side on this one.
controversy, eh, has given us a little bit of it
more turbid sauce turns out that without that
I'm telling you that it's not a lie without
lie [ __ ] I do [ __ ] what
extortion to give me food
rest for two weeks and when
The faggot's hair has already grown
removed the
hood and I was already sad because I
I said lazy, I was left without breakfast without
lunch I was left without the something honest orrea
And now, daddy, I've moved on to another level, dude.
You, a human, have no limits.
Imagine I went to the next level and told him
daddy if you don't keep inviting me
It's going to break on the way out, what is this bro?
plan every time I open Twitter I say
why do I exist what a [ __ ] pain in the ass Crazy what
What do you think of Anuj and Princess? I think that
You guys should go out a little more.
the street to find more things
interesting than what life does with
your [ __ ] life, life, people, not life
life with its [ __ ] life has no
sense people So I think you should
go out more and socialize more
to give less weight to relationships
interpersonal of people who do not
you know and have seen for a
screen
You know this, Abi says now.
because everything that happened to him happened to him
last year with the karches and others
But Abi Abi likes it very much.
gossip what happens is that I don't know if I
I'm going to agree
t of avin 2018 vale is answering you
to someone who already has the tweet
eliminated I present to you Neither more nor less
that the song of the summer Ah, what about the
calocha is worth it or so and what would she be
my follower okay
eh Javi Oliveira did a review and
well hahaha it came to me okay or so eh
everyone goes to gossip, uncle, it gives me a
courage
you give gossip to the little princess defends
Dallas with Pambi Princess doesn't like it
is afraid of nothing
Hey, little princess, he's not afraid of you.
absolutely to
nothing no nothing has nothing to lose no
has nothing to lose, honesty
little princess to sack That I repeat again
I'm not going to say absolutely anything
information You are not going to get
absolutely nothing of this live more
that I saying things rhetorically or without
no hidden meaning with it
which You won't be able to get a [ __ ]
clip drawing conclusion of absolutely
nothing because you are [ __ ] gossips
[ __ ] I could do it but I'm not going to.
to do I consider myself a minimum of 3%
good
person wave recording the Stream
mira plan
that you don't have the balls to say anything It's that
I don't have to tell you
Nothing is that we are going to see that you are [ __ ]
randoms and I will tell my community
And I will tell you everything that is necessary
But Gabrielo, a kiss to you [ __ ]
[ __ ] vultures that are only here
scavengers to try to get out
shitty information to screw the
People, you are [ __ ] scavengers of
[ __ ], I know you're all watching me.
you nothing my dad
Perdit now Gref is talking to Westca
incredible there was a suck-up there was a
sucking up
m but I don't remember how it was the truth
we would have to
review it but I think I think wescon
He did something ugly to Greev but they don't care
have you seen they don't care they don't care
He also did something ugly to Gref and started to
to play ball with him so that he would invite him to the
Iceland
even good is that the wcol thing is
brutal or so that's what we see now, now it's what we see
We see my savings investing in Pandi
Hey, what the hell is that? I didn't understand.
very well if it's Dallas' fault yes
Dallas doesn't have it because this is what it is
always not the type to be blamed
to a person on social radio at the end
You don't know if it was that person or not
or yes or what the hell happened is that like me
I don't understand cryptos because I never
I have not put into cryptos nor have I invested nor
no Holden the pic coins please I don't know
allow me
throw a stone on my roof
I allowed it Melo, thank you, you allow me
Thanks I think to have an opinion
disseminated follow the year of opinions
without having a [ __ ] clue what has happened
past of what has not happened or of what
that is, I think it's being a [ __ ]
imbecile or rather sincerely without any intention of
offend anyone who is watching me or is
I say this because of Dallas, type yes it is
everyone says he is guilty
guilty Well, obviously he is
guilty
bro you have no [ __ ] idea
cryptocurrencies I don't talk about that eh or
I don't know if he is guilty or not.
but precisely because I don't have a [ __ ]
I have no idea whether it is or isn't.
saying that it is you understand me or it is or
I think there are a lot of people who
who starts to give his opinion on the Internet without
have no [ __ ] idea and not just with this
However, in general, if you know about
cryptocurrencies and he is to blame and
Are you sure then? Okay, in plan
I understand what you think but it is that much
A gang that doesn't have a [ __ ] clue and for that reason
Throwing [ __ ] is good too
the other one also goes a lot of times throwing
[ __ ] without having a [ __ ] clue But oh well
That's why I did criticize the bastard.
Dallas for often speaking without having
I have no [ __ ] idea, damn it, don't do it.
Same with him too I tell you no no
take away that he continues being the same [ __ ]
of a person but It makes you too
as the same point is left Not now
teach your tuet with 2000 p
coins is throwing [ __ ] Well I don't know how to talk
without knowing for M it is throwing [ __ ] to go with
a camera is a thing
that's what I'm very happy about
It is true that the previous Stream was a
a little sad and tell you
that I don't know if I regret doing is
Stream or not, I've been thinking about it.
I don't know if I regret it or not because it has
there has been a lot of commotion on social networks
I don't know if it's because of the Stream because the truth is
I don't even have a [ __ ]
idea Well, there's a lot of little mouse watching me
right now and nothing to tell you about
I'm not going to talk about this topic today in case
you just want to be there
That's it, but well, I have to buy it there.
one thing to a friend of mine because Within
little is fulfilled, worth it if I came for it
gossip or because I tell something I'm not going to
count absolutely
nothing, that's just that I don't know, I mean
People are very heavy and I don't know if not
you understand
no
I know I'm freaking out with the amount of kids
Well, it's not the first time I have to
endure a bunch of people throwing me around
for something they don't even know or rather no
It is the first time and it will not be the last.
probably Hey chat eh I have one
question for all of you can you
go those who do not love me and
You are here simply for me to talk
about something I'm not going to talk about because
I feel uncomfortable because I know there are
people are me
atoning the heart with
wings symbolizes m let's see how to say it without
say it that I have a little to leave to myself
heart to be free, that is to say I have had it since
Well, I'm not going to say since when
I carry but type has a lot of meaning
For me I think it's like
very very beautiful and it means a lot to be
free is like I don't know how to explain it to you
the meaning But good a heart
free so to speak by the way tell you
all that I have been reading all
your messages that I have already said for
Twitter but I say it here too
because I haven't seen it on Instagram
said is reading all yours
messages I gave you, I gave you advice
personal things on the networks, be careful
You have to know who you trust
share sensitive information
that I don't want to say anything at the time
forcing him
It's not like this is a professional thing
I don't know if you're getting it, but
type if I feel in X way and I
I feel like telling you that I had an argument with my
friend and that my friend has done this to me and
so obviously I'm not going to mention
my friend because I think that's already done
as very
ugly
but damn telling a personal problem
mine Without giving names such And it is as if
you were my colleagues, I mean, I don't know
It's not like you're your colleagues to see
if you count in a
Stream a topic from your personal life
de facto law
legally in fact legally das
right
to what is
can give my opinion by the way Karime Oh Karime
that tonight I have a long night
While she is silent, we will
we listen
greetings how
tar that it is true Let's see it is not
I know how to say it without telling the truth
Well, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it,
modar yuki It's that the truth is me
I personally think you are not
aware of the level of fame you have
Well, no, the truth is, I have no [ __ ] idea.
I mean, I really think he knows me.
Pipe and Pepe honestly is that I am a
Random [ __ ] and I don't understand why
people care so much about my life from the stick
bro I am one now I am no longer the one
impact that little princess has or what
known that she is a little princess is clear
being involved aug
eh being involved in anu is
the fame that little princess has plus the one that
have a person
anyone feel that I have never had
an excessive fame. I mean, I have
involved in controversies and such
But I don't understand why people
It matters who I am with, who I leave
to be Who is my friend Who is not
My friend is like bro I don't know I don't feel
so relevant or rather I feel that people
It makes me relevant But I don't understand very well
Well, why is it also like a
internal conflict that I have been having
because I think I'm not that great
I mean bro I'm a normal girl without I know
people have imp my life I don't know expes to
many people since channels like utbh
He usually takes out videos, now what can I do?
If there are people who are angry with me, it is because
It is already but I don't know why you would give
then if I did a [ __ ] Random in
plan especially when you don't know anything or
It's like a little weird, right? And above all
because I haven't said anything either, so no
I know I've been on a drama-busting spree this whole year.
I mean, I haven't looked for drama all year.
without messing with anyone 2024 is being
my chill year but you've seen me in
some controversial truth that is not there
being I feel that I try to make it my
year chill and they get into me I know what
not even me that like Why am I
is putting people in here now
He gets very bored as his roads are empty
and they fill it with comp talking people Yes
Well, it's not the first time that I
It happens that it is not the first nor do I think it is
It will be the last one, unfortunately
because he is used to not knowing how to do it
that on the internet And I guess I'm a
but many times we tend to think that
we can change to the boring eh boring
We'll see you in case it's something
important but really boring
People, if they change, it's because
They are not for us and even if they tell you
It's not that I'm sorry, it's that I'm going to change.
Is it that I have realized my mistake or
whatever bro that's not going to change for
you in plan is not going to change even for you
error nor by you if it changes it is because it is or
people change for several reasons
things one for traumas two for
difficult situations in your life
staff in situations that they
leave them touched
or I don't know how to tell you in
plan when you hit rock bottom is when
you learn but you will not learn because
a third person or a second person
person has won you back with your ex
Look, I'm not going to tell you anything because I have
I have often come back saying I am not who
to speak because I have done it and
you just realize that it is useless
It's okay if someone has done something to you
He's going to do it again 100%
although I also think that people
can also change eh
[Music]
guy every day day day day I'm better I'm
a lot
better my way my
crazy heart
duel is like you're not going to die
because I was not interested in what
Javi thought this can be seen in 1.5
What a boring girl or Better yet
we may not see it artificial life Many
thank you
But what is this? There are more moves with it.
bread bitcoin or whatever but that topic is not
as it is at least at least
at least 48 hours have not passed, there is more
There's more movement, so I'm going to win.
more money making videos of this than
investing eh just kidding just kidding it's
joke well no good good r put the
typical indirect comment in which he says yes
responds would take it personally, but
obviously for him to see
6 million market cap 33 by del
The users have the supple of
bitbar the pseudo crypto experts
throwing [ __ ] and they spend all day
looking at graphs and making assumptions
analysis and they didn't know it was a
Check yes this is This is for delox
Host Well I think delox
today something was said
luare Mark me the
minute of the now of them said something
also this morning
eh As they have never listed anything in a
centralized exchange Well, what are they going to do?
These pathetic ones know how to do it
the things in serious projects that do
They have potential, they buy and send
to buy cryptos and tokens from their people and
I didn't even have any idea what it was
are buying goes through a Market Maker
Okay, they are incredible, really pathetic.
Okay, and poop emoji, well, let's see.
to
see it I'm going to see it I'm going to see it I'm going to
see it we already have it for
here find ok this is a thing that
I wanted to read with you, I swear.
Really, it's the first thing you think.
Delox and Dallas will end badly.
This battle with the east of by
half a pint pint start of war eh
paints the beginning of war, eh, the first time
that I read it I haven't read it I haven't read it
Because yesterday I went to the movies, okay, I went to see
The Planet of the Apes had slept 4
hours when I finished watching The Planet
From the apes I went to the house of some
friends, it's true we were chatting a
little bit and no, I didn't have time. Well, let's see.
nothing and today suddenly Eh told me
Javi Oliveira wrote and told me, "eh"
you're seeing what Dallas says in his
channel I don't know what I don't know how many I saw that
Dallas has already explained a little bit what
He told me off camera what
I was just telling you yesterday on the channel
I've seen some things that I mean I've
seen 10 seconds but I've already seen
some photo that I also saw some
thing like that and I say Okay I think I've got it
I have explained the same, I am not going to talk about
that topic because as I don't know to what extent
has explained why he made a video of
2 hours That is, a 2-hour live show.
Well, friends, I don't want to put my foot in it and
Say something that he hasn't said is fine. And
I also want to see exactly how it
has told What has told etc. But
What I do know is that this person is Yes
I fell asleep at the cinema, I must admit.
I fell asleep for the first half hour. But
Well then I woke up, it's that [ __ ] me
They show a two and a half hour movie
what do you want me to do?
you know then well I'll tell you a
Little has happened with this boy this
guy here this tweet is made by r token
who is precisely the Venezuelan boy, eh?
that would be in the project with
Dallas of bitcoin bread and that
additionally he was the one who was caught
that wallet in a Dallas video and and
whose wallet he would have sold
11,600 eh of Pambi is worth what it generated
because it is a significant dampo of the
currency and that obviously made it so
currency was not at its best
moment in fact I'm going to remove it from
logarithmic for because it made the currency
no, he wasn't at his best, listen to me, eh?
This video is from 16 hours ago now
I think it's gone down a little bit now.
I think he has corrected another one a little bit
time but host is reaching the level
again or it seems like that to me
moment in fact I'm going to remove it from
logarithmic so you can see he sold
here it is worth it to see for a moment that
I ask for the brush now lower a little more
time here is worth a lot of sales in these
levels and also many sales by
These levels are more or less worth this already
we saw it in the in the in the thread of
Twitter where they exposed it not then
Well that made it hard to get up
head and now if we put it in
logarithmic we can see And I'm glad a
pile that is rising a lot in fact
has risen Well almost 900 1% 100% in
maximum sonalo Hi Javi saw the
newspapers you appear in the news and you don't
I want nothing to happen to you, it's just that I like it
your content and at least you know how to dance
I hope you don't continue with the subject of the
crypto
that I go out in the
news to see today I found out that Francoa
had a fight that I hadn't even heard about
I understand, I don't know how I missed that.
today I
I found out
that they had put up a live broadcast of mine with
Fran costs
[Music]
in which they had put a live of mine with
Fran costs on Telemadrid on TV and
they put it on the lawyer
about Daniel Sancho and the lawyer said
Well, Rodolfo is going to sue Fran and
So of course my there was
I didn't go out directly but I hadn't
found out about that truth and here I am
I'm looking and I don't see myself anywhere
part what is what has
I left and I don't see myself here
eh Fran's things always get me out of it, man
with things of
Fran madness from this minimum this
minimum is a minus 99% drop than
This is what I was saying to Javi, that is to say
that you take this off you put a little with
perspective and Still being at the level
that we are now still in a menu 91
so it doesn't seem to me that it is
He is trying to convince them
panis of no Look guys everything is fine
everything is going well, see what money you have
winning when the majority are Well no
They will tell you a 91 which would be from maximums
But if they bought in the middle of the table, eh?
the vast majority will still be in a
men 80% So it's not that this doesn't happen either
That's right, dude, so this isn't the case.
It makes me angry and of course Yes, the one who bought in
the peak in the ad Well of course but
that this
actually most investors
are before the
video Most have
losses is that I do not think it is
so but it would be necessary
see it the first ones to buy are the
that they win
eh, let's see, I know about people
I know of
people
Hey what?
bought the second or third
day is that I don't like to say these things
because I don't want people to get excited
nor should it be taken as a recommendation
or anything like that but it is a fact
aim
Okay, I'm not going to say it, better okay, I was going to tell you.
to give exact figures of people who are
very much in profit but very very very very in
profit is worth it that there are people who have
bought at the peak It is that this and that
I was talking today with several people
several friends and with and with people to
find out a little about what there could be
The mistakes have been the successes of this one
issue
m personally
I think that adas are not going to
absolutely nothing will happen if you have committed
some mistake in this eh
Javi comes out the list is public of Who
They won, there are 10 of them for real, but by Whom?
Miguel Asturiano wrote that. How come
There are 10 people who have
cattle ah
Hey, dude, they talk about things that aren't
HE
understand But I'm not going to either
put to defend here because it seems that
that I am going to be defending as
if the cryptocurrency were mine
It's in the whole page, there are no 10
people you've seen commenting on
Dallas and the controversial panic Uf I am that
utbh I don't know what the hell was wrong with him
with Dallas and the connection they have with
Dallas but it's that every time every
time that
I don't know every time he is dasas
involved that I have seen it so far
defend cocu then I prefer No
because I turn black and I don't love myself
to annoy anyone but they haven't won
money 10 people please
You're going to get black with this topic
Grandpa, but now I tell you
that not now for example if he does if he does
I answer that kid who said that
that there are 10 people who have won
money, well of course now they tell me that it is
that I am defending the errors that
I know that I have committed Dallas.
said 500 times I didn't like it
many things that Dallas has done in this
topic is worth it to me there are many things that are not
I liked that they have
done but I'm not going to say what I know either
is saying and I'm not going to tell you either
that there are 10 people who have taken out there
I think before the video Eric a kiss
I think before the video there was
eh 11,000 people who had
inverted but apart from those
11000 people there are many people who buy
sell buy sell buy and sell and don't
I know you know what I'm telling you and that is that
Many things are being said that are not
are true
Of course, the one who bought at the peak is there
losing Claro claro and yes my grandmother
If they had wheels they would be Twingo, I already said it
yesterday also the same. So what do you say?
I mean, there's nothing to celebrate.
I explain, you know, but well, they go for good
the road at least is recovering and is not
It has become a total dead line.
even more liquidity than there was
before at those same levels so
Well, I hope they can do the project.
get up and do a good job and
learn from mistakes Not about everything
I think they have made mistakes
They have lacked communication skills
Transparency has sometimes also been a sin
of being too aggressive with him
marketing even reaching points in
those who on an ethical level do not share that
that promotion But well at the end of the
day this guy that I don't have I swear not
Well now I do have it. Before I didn't have it.
no problem with it now I have it
because inevitably I just got it
cause but I had no problem
With this person I think you will all be
aware that I from the minute
One I've tried to help Dallas eh
investigating a little what it is
what could be happening and what I
I found that they had put it in
an an important dampe in the in the
token not in Pambi and what it justified
That fall in the first place was obviously
because the sales are so aggressive that they
they did just when the big announcement
that were technically brought about
by the forocoches Forum but then
that had made that after the recovery
from the coin will begin to follow
falling were the sales eh So aggressive
and so constant that he made the wallet of
This guy doesn't give a token then I
I did a little research because I said it will be a
rck pool and I said It can't be a rpol O
at least not on the part of Dallas because
Dallas is a billionaire, he doesn't have
No need to rule over your
community would be foolish to do so and
no matter how much people dislike him
dasas Dallas wouldn't do that, that's me
It seems absurd to even think or
contemplate that someone would be harmed
his reputation of years and years of
100 miserable K's that I tell you not them
need for nothing because you earn them every time
month I explain then obviously
Dallas is no scammer in that
case So what happens that I say
Oysters, perhaps she has been allied with him.
someone on the team not someone from the
team has thought itself smarter than him and
She has been allied with him and I started to
investigate that wallet I came across it
Twitter thread I started to investigate
about this person and they have sent me a
a lot of let's say his background
many things that I still have to
investigate and weigh and see exactly
what is it but well what are you saying oysters there are
There is a thread to pull, it is not
someone who has the past
completely clean but perhaps not
He has done nothing but he has been taken out of
context or they have made fakes or whatever
just like they've done to me many times
eh fake tweets and stuff like that and
They put on super rocambolesc and they smoke
four joints then I said Okay I'll go
to give the wild card and the benefit of the
doubt because I am a big eh let's say
defender of the presumption of innocence
but I will say that I am
investigating that not when people me
I was asking about the project I have
to say that I am investigating that
because if not it seems that I am
covering up a crime by looking the other way
side doesn't say K you are not objective when
The topic is Dallas because he surely
check GPT and he is completely objective
with all the topics it deals with but let's go
I am that every time I every time I
I read that nonsense every time I see him.
ap clown act I
I say that it is objective for
give an opinion objective to give an opinion
Of course, here people come to see me.
That is to say, suddenly people will say delox
Why don't you comment on any of this if it is seen?
clearly he has sold it, okay? And I Ah
Well, I don't know, I don't know, I don't have to say that.
I have also seen it because it is something
objective is seen in the blockchain that has
there have been those sales but I am
investigating to see if those sales
They would be justified, which apparently they are.
are they Or if otherwise it is
from a mischievous prank a r
pool or whatever no I just said
that is, no, I didn't say anything bad about
This person, I said that the boy
It would be a good idea for the project and for
Dallas and for everyone and for himself that
man they're [ __ ] the maveri look
This sale is worth it
eh people haven't cared
neither explanations nor explaining it nor
nothing, it doesn't matter, but look, even if not
the same people who criticize and would have come out
who are pointing the finger at Dallas are
pointing out from the first day or already
It's not because today look how he announces it
Look, it's that he has sold or Look, it's that the
another has sold yes yes it is that although not
the wallet would have come out of the del
This boy selling this would have said
It
you understand me, or rather they would have said
it
same but here they come to me and I
They ask about it
topic Well, what am I going to tell you? Well, to me
the tweets that Dallas posted promoting
people buy buy I don't know about me those
ways, well, they don't seem right to me, they don't seem right to me
the
appropriate What do you want me to tell you when
It was discovered that there was a wallet selling
Here we talk about it, this has to be done
clarify But what does he want you to do?
tell him to bring the Maverick and I don't even
one is saying nothing about the
maveri neither of the I don't know who nor of the
of the I don't know how much that are around
I tell you nothing more
some
who are being sued by the
delox some who are sued by
the delox and some who don't know that
are sued by the
Delox no no says It's that they are giving him
credibility to SS connection but if it is
that they gave him they gave him
credibility to mess with delox
even though we uploaded it and gave it to them
face were doing the debate
They were left like two freaks here
of the
you know and it doesn't matter and it doesn't matter what they
It's worth it against Dalas, it's worth it. And that's it.
You know, well, I don't, well, I, what do you want me to do?
I tell you I have commented on the subject as
all Christ and from day one you have not
given recommendations But it's that I
I'm not even going to give you any recommendations either.
I'm not going to give you anything and I have many
opinions on many topics that I am not going to
I don't like this topic either.
wet it completely because it really is
I tell you what I think
m when it comes to money issues uncle eh la
people can interpret it as a
recommendation or maybe if you have an opinion
There are people who buy or sell or
I don't know what I don't I'm not going to I'm going to do it
The most I'm going to tell you about what
go out because we are here
reacting to what Delo says then
We are here reacting to what he says
Come on and go, I'm not going to call anyone.
scammer okay but man obviously
If I see that there is a wallet that is
completely the first few days
first days were already
saying the first days were already
saying okay that Dallas had been robbed
the money without the wallet appearing
The wes appeared when I was in The
Anthill the other day, eh, that I
They warned before and they were already saying
that Dallas had
stolen and what did I say before that
the wale appeared Hey, they are here
saying that Dallas has stolen Hey
but no, it's not that they are taking it for granted
that has sold But where where can it be
see that it has sold well no no no it is not that
has sold But where can I get it?
send and nobody sent it to me on time
The next afternoon the thing about the
wallet has stolen has stolen 100000
110,000 turkeys 11,000 turkeys for five or
six
clear people Now I have to assume
that Dallas is a
scammer who has stolen
110,000 to be divided among five
or six
people when I
I know and I have known for many months what has happened
charged Dallas then Sure you me
you say to
I, I, I have to put myself here
insult this guy, that's what he wants
people and tell him that he has stolen
110,000 when I know what
wins because I'll split my dick and he'll
delot also you are not telling yourself
the same way but it is that it is from
logical
Now look at comments like that one that's going to
ban you right now before you do it
delete Look put it on the screen yes Javi
that days never do anything wrong for Whom
He said that Dallas never does anything.
bad but if I just told you in the ago
a minute that I didn't like them
tweets in the way that he had to
promote people buy buy
You are [ __ ], are you really there?
channels for you there are channels for
You have turboplus channels there
that the whole Niche is put there and that and
That group is not going here.
So here you don't go like that Never but it isn't like that
with Dalas nor with anyone I do not wish
with none now if I have anger at
one who has given me a strange thing that I
has screwed me in some way. Well, to the
I'm better a little more aggressive but with
a note that is cordial to me
He doesn't get involved, we call ourselves more or less well
and besides, it's not that, it's that
end d always gives an explanation and
He always shuts them up and disappears
he
topic let's see, I really have myself
I saw the wale when it came out that Sunday no
I had time to get to Seville.
direct because I arrived at 2:30 in the
Tomorrow and I already said I'm not going to open anymore
I tried I tried to get there in time to open
but I got distracted and didn't open it, okay, but at
next day when we opened the live
We said let's see what explanation to give her.
Regarding this, it was the day he went up
delox what I tell you obviously this is there
to explain it here is a purchase of
114,000 turkeys from someone related
directly with the team okay. It's already there.
explained to me it doesn't seem like a bad thing
explanation the truth Maybe you
an expert on Christ comes and says it is not
that this is what he has done is wrong
because I don't know what And he explains it to you okay
but man I don't really
We are honestly talking about the D
the
It takes but of course These are things
that maybe people are not not not not
They are not things that drive and talk for
Talking is fine, that is, I'm already starting
the fact that here on the channel there is
dedicated here all the content in two
weeks only of writing because I already
It seems like a piece of [ __ ] because it's just that look
look at the visits, okay? You know.
Well this has had more because it has
There has been controversy, okay, but trust yourself.
that the video of the announcement was not going very well
packed know this in the end no no no
interest your audience, continue with your
content of your little room of your little things
good topics are not worth it
Ok, but this break in the Canal de
content
This content break in the
this channel stop the
Dallas already So ​​you're telling me
that this stoppage in the channel is for
divide 100,000 turkeys among five or
six
people You know what it takes
idiot to think that and whoever does it
just think that you want it
say look I'm not going to tell you the number of
panis okay I'm not going to tell you the number of
panis but I'm going to tell you one thing look
and I won't care, I can do it
because it is
mine because it is clear that maybe they are
people who have a type of audience that
They have one type of such that they have another
cpm that have other nonsense and to the
better see things from the
perspectives that are Look what I put for you
I'm going to you
put
Oh, what do I put you to watch one more video or
unless you have had enough visits
Good, look, I'm going to put a video for you.
whether it is more or less
updated this one from Justin
Friday is okay, it's that the other day also
I was watching a youtuber who was
boasting of winning 70 euros in I don't know
I don't know how much direct and it's like dude
and he was messing with those who
we had Latino audiences and it's like uncle
Latino public, you are confusing yourself
South America with with the Latin that
Latino can be North America uncle the
Dallas has triple the number of visits
triple the number of views I have on each video
There are videos almost all the videos that are
It's going for a million, dude. So what are you doing?
counting You are telling me
that 12 15 days of inactivity in the
channels that are 12 or 15 days inactive
in the channels you are interested
It is that it is to speak, it is that it is to speak for
Having a mouth is simply speaking
have a mouth
simply
You know, I can't do it, Dallas has more
2 million per video Well there are videos
that has 2 million there are videos that
has 1 million but the video that has the least
has Maybe has 600,000 or 700,000
visits no and deals with the subject of this no
that if this that if the other that if
the same or so it is that it is really putting on
to simply think that that that that
This guy is going to take it and and and he goes and goes
and he's going to put his face in front of everyone
your audience Knowing what's behind you
and knowing what is on top of him
to steal people's money
Man, if you tell me maybe 48
millions of 400 million euros because
I tell you, well, look at the guy,
He has a lot of nerve, okay, but I gave up.
to steal No, I can't tell you because it's
made a lot of mistakes has been made
tremendous skidding Maybe in the
way he put the tweets on the
who said this in which he said that
Ok, but to say that this guy wanted to
sell It's that it's really that it's that I
I'm hearing it on a lot of
videos I'm listening to a lot
of videos and already deos said it yesterday I said it
I have also said a lot of times
I don't I just don't have any sense of
true what you are
saying that we are talking about what they are
four or five people 115,000 turkeys
by
Please provide public explanations along the lines of
explain and contextualize what it is
those who have screwed up things should be the ones
has [ __ ] on things of course that yes that the
has done to steal Sorry but I doubt it
eh I doubt it eh I don't put my hand in
the fire because let's see if now for
example he is going to screw up or he is going to be
something that I don't know and now I haven't given
I'm not going to stand up for him.
When the wes came out I said, well, let's see.
that explains this has to be done
Explain okay, but man, I doubt it very much.
But simply by logic by
logical sales once they had
caught selling when they
They had said that they would never sell because
In the end they caught you in a lie.
It is an objective fact and that's it.
just that you fix those
doubts and you dispel them and suddenly I
I find that the guy calls me racist
He calls me AF and says he loves me
report and and and it makes me green and it makes me
at turboplane height
Crazy turboplane, I have reported it
notice, notice if it is defamatory that he
This guy puts me on the same level
I have reported it, you know, and
suddenly I'm left How or so to say
Wait wait I came in good spirits eh Te
I have given the presumption of innocence.
tried all this all this
research to do it to help a
friend you know that also technically
The one from Dallas is also a friend then
I would have to understand that the same thing as
I'm doing someone is what I could
do he to help a friend not that
I'm going to investigate what he
They may have made a colleague and see
Oysters, where is the problem? Let's see.
If I can give him a hand since I
I understand this sector for a while and
Suddenly the guy hits me frontally
but later I also caught him in the
private discord group of the
little apartments, it's worth how I've been hit
tremendous but insane defamation
where are you calling me, come on, scammer
He is insulting me, he is telling me that
If he sees me he does I don't know what but one
madness, hey look, I have the text here
I'm going to read it to you I'm going to read it to you Look, hey, I'm going to read it to you
I read what came to me and now we go
With this voucher I will read to you what
They've caught them, they say, yesterday I told them that
My girlfriend's father passed away yesterday, huh?
I'm on a plane going to another country
funeral they think I care what he says
the super scammer of delox who has
sold seven different courses of
trading that is absolutely useless
nothing that has made him like three
rook pulls his people with copy trading
that he would break them all if he weren't in
This is the situation I swear to you that
I would have burned that idiot alive
shameless slanderer I have never sold
neither a trading course nor can it be done
physically an rp in a copy trading and
Also no copy trading of mine because I
I am not a copy trader, not even the one from
Alan Luna for example the one we were with
promoting not even that one came out in
negative in fact it was more than 5% up or
whether it is people or my training
only training So I have had my own
It is do and crypto that was management of
risk what apparently is lacking
This guy because he's managing it
fatal you know and it's like seven
courses of can you tell me in which seven
courses I have sold a sea When I have
I sold a trading course if I am not
Trader if I am an analyst I mean but
but it is It is that it is a and and then it tells me
that I would burn alive, that is to say, it is
a complete a complete animalized
This is such a barbarity, you know. Then I don't know.
It seems to me it seems to me it seems crazy and
then after this I don't do it
I'm publishing that message, I just read it to you.
now and I'm not making it public
because I'm not trying not to know
make this so so big obviously already
Then I will decide if I want it.
share the photo so you can see what it is
totally true I share it with you
you But it's like I have
preserved that image to try
I have arranged things privately with him.
I wrote to Dallas privately and I have
said Dallas uncle this turkey has
gone out of hand is completely crazy
You could ask him to write to me and
We gladly fix it because In addition
This message reaches me, I get it
leaks a member of Pambi right after
that I said yesterday morning that
Oysters I apologized to Red because at the
better My ways of explaining eh that it
I was investigating because I had
bothered not when he really was
using the presumption of innocence and
was always watching over the
true no but still I said Well I
I apologize if this has upset you and
and I find that which is bothering me
saying that he wants to burn me alive you know
like but but how and and also you
you are complaining that people are
using fakes against you to call you
scammer and you call me a scammer without
no proof by making things up and
even saying things that are
physically impossible How the hell is it done
a rook Pull How the hell do you make a rook
Pull of a copy trade If you don't touch
the money from those, that is, copy trading
is that someone copies your operations if
You would lose everything because you lose the copy
trading you don't earn anything So it is
stupid one competing is only profitable
if you are winning it is literally
no sense at all and to top it all off the
the copy that was made with Alan ended
in positive it was more than 7% it fell 2% one day
It was left in cco and that's it and spoiler the
the only one who has lost money with
the copy drink was your friend Dallas was
Dallas who made a video the other day
saying that he had lost money in
the copy is to say me The truth is uncle no
I understand nothing no no no I don't know why
look for trouble because I tell you I am
being again super correct could
I'm keeping quiet about saying many things
I'm trying to be as conciliatory as possible.
possible in my opinion the most the most
It's easy for this guy to delete the tweet
Okay, because I don't know how to do it.
possibility of speaking privately because
I have asked for it and it is not given to me. Well, I say it.
publicly and the ideal would be that
This guy spoke to me privately because I
Yes, I have the MD open.
the problems by private that is like the
Adult and mature people fix them and that's it.
It is because I believe that he with all the
nervousness that someone died
He is very sensitive and has interpreted everything
fatal he has managed it fatally And tomorrow he goes
see this and you will regret it a lot
Ok, but okay if you want to play
we will play or that is why there is no
I'll eat whatever problem they give me.
there is no problem in front but
Well, let's see what someone tells me.
that adults solve it in the
Very good salsa bar, very good point, Luare
spot
eye eh Let's see I spoke with
because I found it. Well, I wanted it.
invite not for the topic of the of the
sale and such In case he wanted to come and
talk and so on no but of course right now
It's at a point where it's not going to happen.
to come and fight
with no one here live okay
I understand
I don't know if I should come tomorrow or
past here and talk to delox Okay me
It's really embarrassing to do it again.
invite him again because maybe I
He's going to say that I'm a pain or that he's not
the moment or whatever But well since
Here if he sees this video it's okay if he sees this
video whatever and you feel like it okay I'm
completely sure that if I call
Delox Delo would come and if he wants to come
to talk, let him come and let him talk, okay?
Let them talk privately, I'll put it in
contact ok but man in the end I
I understand that I understand both parts
Look, I understand, I understand the annoyance.
by the RAE of the comments that
have been made about it regarding the sale and
such and such that it has bothered you and about
everything if it has happened to him if it has come to him
not all the stress of cryptocurrency
project everything that is not the exit and
that terrible misfortune has happened to him that
We are so sorry because I understand that you
feel bad not what is being talked about
him but we must also understand that no
We know that the world of crypto
It is very complicated that they started to take out
captures what the [ __ ] the sale was
There people say, damn this sale.
what the [ __ ] is no then good if of the
He's telling you to talk, damn it.
talk about it and fix it Hey look bang bang
I shake your hand, I don't know, that's what I see, eh
And not taking it further is what I see
Hey, someone told me to tell the clown.
who calls himself Turlan and Delox
At least I'm not a clown, eh, eh, what is it?
what I see eh At least he does
let him do what he sees but I see that
[ __ ] [ __ ] yes you can yes you can
fix it well so that you can fix it badly No
I was present at my funa at my funa and
I have not denounced anyone, yes, I denounce
This guy, well, we wouldn't talk, but I wouldn't.
I have not found anyone, that is, me for the
moment for the moment the only thing that
said is there is a person who
objectively being a member of the team
from Dallas has sold a large
amount of panis causing some
115k benefits for the team without
however offering a drop
significant and forceful to Pambi
which many people have interpreted as
a rook pool I want to know if that is
It is effectively a rook pool or a
a negligence or a strategy that
has gone wrong or has a justification
I'm going to investigate this to help
and inform my friend Dallas that this
topic does not understand anything That's what I
I said and suddenly the truth is a joke
He says he has no idea why he died, I don't know.
what OK But but that even if it is in
Wake and burial to me what is done
the real victim is not a
argument sorry I don't wish it on anyone
that happens to him but don't come to me either
make yourself the victim of what is happening
bad manners and defaming the other is you
no, what the [ __ ] do you know? I don't know what I attribute to you.
So you can tell me where I have
attributed to him a
adjective eh pejorative And that it is also
false at what time or if I have only
said that I am investigating what
moment it is defamatory to say that you are
investigating something what the [ __ ] eh I took the
time to take legal action in your
against Yes of course yes I V what But what
but let's see how What actions
legal I swear people love it
lose money or people
love losing money I recommend that you
delete your videos used websites
a known criminal named Newman
Perez has no idea who this is
I have not supported his accusations
accused no one of anything so I guess
that this is said by turboplane plan
He smokes tremendous logs, eh?
Very dark days are coming, there is no good light
in the courts and by the way if Pambi is
a mega scam if I supposedly
I took people's money because
keeps rising No, because people
keep buying eh or that is to say
someone Someone could I don't know if I
I explain after one sells another
You can buy supply and demand action
of price I mean no no it is not an argument
It's nothing, I swear to you that I will defend you.
a sub project yes but let's see what I understand
I understand that a rot pool, I, I, the
I have always understood rot pool as the
taking the liquidity of the project
whole and escape is not worth as a sale
as such, okay, eh. Then it's something else.
that you can sell or not If the project
It's yours if you have information
privileged or something like that, okay, I don't know
Ok, but good man, he hasn't taken it
liquidity is growing liquidity
again m healthily Then no no
There's nothing wrong with it, eh? I'll give you one.
example and I tell you again I insist
I haven't said that Pambi is a scam, eh?
I don't consider it to be a scam, okay?
The information I have today does not
I consider it to be a scam, I have never
I have never said that as far as I'm concerned
This is a scam I said there may be
There has been a rock pool, I'm going to investigate.
but I have never given a rating
to the project and on the other hand moon for
example was a scam and kept going up
then eh solana is good today
It is in the top solana and solana is fin
with a scam that was ftx itself ftt
the token of a scam that is ftx followed
going up that is to say There are a lot of
precedents of scams that rise despite
that they are even scams There is a
lots of projects that have been
a rpol and having gone to practically
zero people have then uploaded them
Say no, no, I don't see any argument there.
Maybe there are more people who don't believe it.
These stupid things that they repeat
like parrots fake news I'm the only one
news that I have repeated to you, it is to you
I can show it to you now for a moment.
I open it and I find it, let's see, it's not
the truth seems to me It seems to me
surreal that they tell me that it is a
fake news this here
eh Let's see where it is So tell me
that this is this analysis where yours comes out
wallet and where you can see that he has
sold ok This is your wallet and
done If you go to this video here
and you go to minute 13:43, okay
113 and I have to slow it down because
I already did this in my day, I have to
put it at 0.5 to stop because you have to
have an eye, let's have an incredible eye to see
wait a minute we have to go to 43 and a
a moment is worth a moment a moment there
It's coming, it's coming, it's coming now
He's going to do it, eh, here, here, the boy who
is doing the tutorial is the guy who
He sends me the tweet and here you can see his here
They steal the wallet And this is this wallet
a kiss Sandoval The same one that has sold
Welcome uncle, this is it
so eh I mean no there is no more I mean
the wallet that was selling everything
This is related to this wallet
that they have caught him, you know how to say at the end
is the one that is linked to this one and this one is
the one who sells and gets caught is this one Y
They have also recognized that it is, that is, no
nothing happens, it's objective, I am
covering an objective news story no no you
I am not slandering you nor am I telling you
nothing in fact I am one of the few creators
of content that having a
high knowledge about cryptocurrencies
instead of using it to play with the
information and attack you and the
project I have used my knowledge
to investigate this and see if it is
it was actually about something bad or
It was justified and it is always from there
How clear you have to understand to speak
of this because there is one thing that I know
I escape, that is, the people from Forocoche are throwing
the price first a little not Good a
They hit him a little, they hit him a good one
good host also worth first those of
forocoche that they had bought in the
At first they sell and lower the price
quite worth it And then he the other one
finish pulling with those sales
mm you how let's see how I propose
this
I understand that the problem is not there
It would be that people are calling him
these buffoons are scamming them
They are calling it a scam but that is not it.
It's a joke, that's in any case if there is something
that claiming there is information
privileged no Or so according to me according to
my my logic not according to me
reasoning that is, everyone could
there would have been someone who would have wanted that
moment could
sell or how you control that
Someone be because there was clumsiness
that they caught the wale But you
how do you control that
Someone on the team has their wallet and
go out there shopping and
selling you understand me or that's what
way it is pursued and how it is how it is
you can chase that with
torches is free
Market I don't know, maybe I'll see it.
a little unethical not a little I don't know the
I really don't know to what extent that would be
punishable by law
true, I have always given you presumption of
innocence I have tried to ensure because
information the truthfulness was what
primary is to tell the truth above
what people want to think or what
At first glance it may seem like a case of
At first glance it may look like a rugpull
but I say it makes sense that we are going to
see it because sometimes it seems that it
that initially seemed not to be
the truth Then I There I was giving you
that presumption of innocence of which
you are completely exonerating me and not
you are giving me you are calling me from
you have literally wished me everything
death you know I read verbatim what
He said if he weren't in this situation
I swear I would have burned him alive
that idiot, that shameless slanderer,
you have wished death you have wished me death
death you have called me a swindler you have
invented alleged scams of mine and then
You come to ask me after giving you
presumption of innocence that erases
Things that I'm going to delete if I haven't
said nothing I have nothing to erase and
then you're telling me that you're going to
report or that you have reported me, I'm leaving
to laugh at you in court like me
denounce it but but but it is that it is
This is embarrassing. What are you saying? What are you saying?
that is to say
turboplane what did the turbo say
plan what the turbo plan said
Dalas ruins his career and all his
fan with panic
Coin uncovering the biggest scam of
cryptocurrency of
Dallas
God
God and where
people behind this
One of them is Raed Beiruti.
which is the good one that was caught
the wait that I see alive refers to
melt criticism expose denounce that
I understand why the sea is, listen to me
Wait wait Wait for what is is
that this has caught me now very bad
what deos is referring to with more
give yourself death by burning
alive if you know very well what a burn
no the account is not this man who
He shows his face in his videos and he is a
known Venezuelan scammer for selling
Ponzi schemes pyramid schemes
pyramid schemes
Oh God
mine, let's go, I'm not saying it, I'm saying it, this one
digital newspaper called Venezuela
today RAE Beiruti scammer deceives
people with false host exchanges
Let's see digital, it's called Venezuela
Digital Venezuela
Today Venezuela digital today I don't
appears not to me
Digital Venezuela appears today
that does not appear to me I just put
Digital Venezuela today on Google and I don't
this appears
half Let's see, let's try with it
holder
r ruty
scammer deceives people
to
see the medium would be
This voucher is for digital Venezuela.
today is worth
in Manuel tp
scammer Let's see, let's see the
Instagram Instagram does not exist
I'm from Venezuela and that's not a means
official news is a blog okay is a
blog but of course who is the one who gives the face
in this
blog is that it does not have
neither nor below contact copyright these
things to put down here no
Always connected
with you it hurts today raed beiruti scammer
deceives people with false
cryptocurrency exchanges go out
captures of affected people saying So
He has not paid for a year either.
scam with Ponzi-style projects are
dozens of people who claim to have
been scammed by this criminal in
social networks the third partner that
It doesn't appear in the Dallas video because
has happened to have an accident
traffic that when I heard this I said Yes
Of course, this is probably true.
true Yes yes all the tests and we are
Here everyone is showing their faces, everyone who
We were there from the beginning except one
person because AC just had a
traffic accident Well it turns out that
has discovered that this third partner who
He doesn't want to show his face because he has had
one accident is Fernando Urdaneta another
known scammer for having done the
eth Plus scam this guy we are
Seeing here the Miami source confirmed it to me
digital
LoL done with me I understand this but
each one is responsible for leading in addition
that you went to tell him that please
I am contacting you so that
we can fix things privately and
I left this as an anecdote and you come out
with this after I had warned him
Either it seems pathetic to me or it is pathetic
because this is after me
intervention with dasas it seems to me
pathetic your attitude and to those who believed
that the token was going to zero that was
dead I recommend that you do not open
graphics this week are going to feel what
is the true power in the world of
script Ok Very well eh By the way what
The way they deal with wallets is pathetic
They don't understand anything. I understand a good amount.
I've been in this sector for years and and and
I can really tell you that it has happened
given this sale and The question is then
what has been done with that money that has already been
has technically explained Dallas in a
video and that is not enough, it is enough
Of course I would have a, let's say, a good one.
community what happens is that if not
You are transparent and you say we are not going to
selling is the problem here
What people mostly complain about
What I have complained about too is that
It has been said that we will never sell and then
has been
sold you know it is It is that it is like that ent I
I think this guy didn't know me at all.
It's strange because if you are in the sector
crypto literally you know me Well I am
of the greatest creators there are in
the Spanish-speaking crypto sector and that
no and that you don't know me or don't know how
It is I who have knowledge because you
they make these situations so uncomfortable
But well, you have come to
fight with the wrong person and it is also
who without reason says they don't understand anything
Let me doubt because, yes, yes
instead of thinking that I have Seven
trading courses you knew that
I only have one training that
Also, I don't sell anything, it's been closed for a while.
more than a year that is that of Doo crypto
where one of the blocks we touch is
precisely traceability and pseudo
anonymity I am just an expert in
On-Chain analysis, I know how to analyze you.
all these wallets perfectly
then you have just stopped
with the person who didn't play So I
If I want, I'll take out everything you've got.
made with the money every cent to
I'll get a penny out of you, obviously, now I get it
you put it in a centralized exchange there
I don't lose track of you, but that's as far as you go.
I'll tell you where the money has been.
I can explain it to you for everyone.
that you want says they get lost in the
way the rook poolers don't rec buy
their own tokens you clowns and
Pambi has liquidity thanks to its
Creator Dallas is no scammer
see the topic that r pullers don't buy
their own
tokens again is that it is a fallacy
because you can fix a project AND
then you can put a part of that
rugpull to pampe arlo and make it seem
that has not been RP is that in the end you
I say all this that you say plays in your
against because they are fallacies not arguments
And again I don't think it was a
Rook Buller because from what he told me
Dallas and there is a justification behind
I think that what you have been is little
transparent you have been opaque eh without
more and that is why doubts have been generated, okay
He has never attributed to you the concept of
rook pooler as a statement but
like a eh Like a potential scenario
that I was analyzing was
investigating to see if it was or wasn't
You know it's ridiculous, he says I don't know
You can use the fact that Mars is alive to your advantage.
in a man Of course I can use that
message in favor of a trial, yes, let's see
Imagine this guy sues you for
for defamation and what you have said is
We're going to give him the presumption of innocence.
but let's see if he really did it
a crime or I'm not going to put myself to
investigate and he wishes you death
called a scammer without proof and totally
invented and in things that literally do not
can be like that, that is to say, say that you have
putting a Rock pool in a copy Trade is
How to say hello, I'm [ __ ], I understand
that he understood what they said about Mars
I live to see
Well let's see a little bit about them
conclusions
the thing about burning you alive like death
bastard is nobody they don't know him and if I say
r token r token r token they are going to think that
It's a cryptocurrency, not a man of one.
person Then I called him Venezuelan
because everyone knew him as the
Venezuelan from the Dallas channel
I explain it is without more ok eh without more in
Okay, guys, I'm going to. Okay, I said it, okay.
and here I leave the question open again
invitation to both if they want to get together
Here we both talk but oh well yes
They both speak privately. Well, almost
I better and clarify it because in the end it
They're going to get hooked, I'm seeing that
They're going to get hooked, I'm really
seeing that they are going to get hooked because
Now the other one I don't know if he's going to take the
words good or bad I don't know the truth
But well, it seems to me that neither. Let's see.
is that I understand both parts I understand
to ret that he would get upset and of them I think that
He has also understood that it has been
annoyed because in the end you are in a
moment when you are trying to get out
one thing to do well and it goes wrong and
all the pressure and they're pointing at you
because the because this because the other
but you also have to understand that it is
It's normal for people to ask and want
know the explanation No Then neither
I see more progress
Well, the other day we were like this.
seeing it I think this is the one I think
This is the first cli no Oh really ch
No, this is not the first time Juan
good guarnizo We were watching us
caught it live when that went viral
It was Juan Guarnizo insulting loudly
to Baral because Barral had put in
a joke And he had asked him
A photo of Juan Guarnizo's mother was taken
So
It wasn't like that, I had asked her for a photo
Juan Guarnizo's mother and then
probably publish it on social media or something
that's okay eh Juan guarnizo is pissed off
enough with that and has asked for the
organization that takes action at the end
I think there have been measures but because
Also, I saw this barral today.
There on Twitter we will now see a clip
in which he has already left but completely
Guys, I have already given myself in this life
realize that you have to take everything with a grain of salt
with laughter and humor, don't care about anything
because we live in such an incredible world
that things happen every day that
You just have to flow, guys.
I see this clip and I flow I see this
clip and simply for life not this
It's the Ah or Juan Guarnizo from
up barral barral you asked for a photo
To my mother, son of a [ __ ], no friend, yes
Someone is here for the barral issue
see I'm going to look for this no
I want to see the climate
really good
Uncle Ah But why does it sound like that?
there is a good one
Let's see, I want to see it.
of a
joke this part here that is
coming out now okay spontaneous order TV
Thank you very much handsome, remember you all
that you can then enjoy the live broadcast
whole always if
He's just a player, no, he doesn't get involved with that, gey.
what's up with that guy? And if so,
It was literally that, that is, tomorrow or the
day they played when but it is not there
whole
[Music]
Here it is otherwise
perspective your [ __ ] mother I separate you
Mother Your mother has separated me
respect for the team
boots already looked the shape in the other in
the other time when they were already hooked
the shape was visible
[Music]
your mother ap your mother
maro to
[Music]
team your mother
The shapes were already visible, but none
Surprise. Hey, you already saw each other the other time.
They fought and the forms were no longer visible
very well known I'm not going to say much eh we have
already sent an email to the league
situation is much more serious than it seems
It is the words that are also
pronounced in the field by him
They are a completely badass thing and very
heavy very very heavy and we will let the
league eh take action on it if it is
that takes them if you don't take them then it doesn't happen
nothing can be done much more I today
In the morning I was talking with Mayichi
Because Iker probably won't answer me.
but I was talking to Mayichi and he
explain a little about the situation and the
Mayichi's response was the truth.
that I expected because it is a good one
A person is a good person is a
An empathetic person is a person
coherent and evidently the answer
From Mayichi it was what I expected. So
that little more to add than the league if
will take actions that I think will take
Yes, I think so, I think so, but
Full Stop final is all I can
say about it
Hey, if you want more explanation and context.
I think I gave enough context yesterday.
I tell them that things are missing but not them
I'm going to say it because the truth is I don't
I want those words to come out
public but they are words that in fact
I managed to hear but who told me
corroborated what this said
person were people from the league who
They were there next to him, I'm not going to say
more about it, let's hope something
it happens that they take action and that's it.
because this cannot happen, it cannot happen
happen neither with Juan Guarnizo nor with DJ
Mario neither with de greft nor with ibay nor with
no Queens president can
happen and that's it, there's nothing more
what to say to the
Regarding this, I am seeing many people in the
chat that you do not agree with very much
This but I really don't see it or
I'm here with Juan
not sincere official statement of
player of a K if now it is very official
the statement after having loved you
He went to his mother, dear fans
King World Cup members and media
of communication before starting I want
express my sincere apologies and my
deep regret for my actions and
I really address this to you
expose a problem that has arisen
Laquim with the team president
Juan Guarnizo considered annihilators
It is important to clarify my version of the
facts that differ significantly from
the public version offered by Mr.
My version is as follows:
during our stay at the hotel
we agree with the team of
annihilators and their fans
We meet and ask how they did in
their game and we congratulated them
without knowing who they were at that time
then we make the presentations
pertinent you don't know in the hotel what
team you are meeting Or rather
It could happen to me better, okay? But to
those who are in the kin more than V
another team's shirt
you won't recognize which team it is
just see a scarf
Not being all very nice I had a
cordial treatment with them we chat about
Spain Mexico laquinn and other topics
being in the same hotel
We often met and talked
with acquaintances finally at dinner
Juan Guiso's mother told me, Hey
when tomorrow is a football holiday
We take a picture. Ugh, I don't get it.
I don't think so
I think I don't believe it, let's go, the mother of
Juan, I think Juan's mother
It's still on social media, I don't remember now.
how is it
called
Oh, I don't remember what the name was.
mother of
Juan, I don't remember how it is
called, let's go, I follow her too, I think
and but let's go that he is a person who is
more or less active on networks and who knows
of La Movida, that is, he is not a person who
is foreign you know like for example my
Mother my mother Does not know for sure who
he messes with me Nubia Nubia Nubia
Okay, I don't believe for a second that it is
the woman will approach because she will already know about
left over Who is this turkey and what has
said Nubia Look Nubia V follows me
and and no Well of course this account is
the best is no longer the
USA but anyway she is a woman
that is active on the networks and that
He knows about La Movida, let's go
no no no to what I replied
that we could take advantage of and take it out in
that moment we took the photo with my
phone the lady asked me to be
will send through Hello Javi already
you reacted to the double chin that wib gave you
Not now we see it, now we see it
Panchito a kiss now we see
immediately now we see it
we immediately see that which I have in the
title guys Oh it's the
3:30 what do I have in the title
no, no, no, no, He supposes or imagines
that photo was taken for a purpose
Machiavellian come on man is hungry for
Please, damn it, man, come on, hungry YouTuber.
sentenced please change places for me and
Pon vin warns gossip channels
For example
Oh man, for
Please, once the game is over, everything
continued after the worst of all is that
The biggest loser is me, yes, man.
that not From
true that no that it is not that look that no
Really, there's nothing that bothers me.
more uncle that when you do something No it
you recognize and start with flips, uncle
We really see it very often, eh?
we see very often and and no dude I mean already
you've done it damn it you've done it
publicly [ __ ] what are you doing to me
counting statement Now I want it to be
find out from me that I have been sanctioned 3
minutes with one less player
finishing the staircase because of what happened
Two days ago I was provoked, they got involved
with my family and I didn't know how to control my
emotions since it happened I have felt
ashamed of my behavior and of
I apologize again for the image
what could have been done differently like that?
not to affect my team on the other hand
I am satisfied with the fit
deserved the sanction that the other received
part staying without world cup What is the
sanction that they have imposed on him
watershed that will prevent other presidents
Whatever league they are from, they look good
involved in such situations
unpleasant and uncomfortable What is the
punishment that they have given to the other
five-match ban the team is already
aware of this and will take advantage of it
Go ahead It's that really Or rather
tremendous nothing nothing man I'm here
completely with Juan eh the mothers
No, man, it has nothing to do with mothers.
uncle lol communication
Let's see, ugh, I'm not going to read it all, eh, Pambi?
It's not over yet, I'm not going to leave.
anyone can work at Pambi
of my community that loses money for
It is the fault of the manipulators who know that
I'm going to include the first ones to be in
he
Next Well it's a bit the same let's see
I have to see what Ricky does, kid.
I have to see what Ricky does.
no and where is it?
Ricky
Ah I have it kilo of
Ricky's story is much more critical and
dramatic they humiliated me to the level of a
level of sentimentality of feelings
Because I trusted a person too much
the pain and [ __ ] Maybe what has happened to him
something serious happened to this person
They have failed and left him for another
person I don't know but for that
We have the full live show because yes
Something we like on this channel apart from
putting people in their place is putting in
your site to people who after already having
since they have decided to keep trying
mocking and taking advantage of situations
in which I had nothing to do and in
those who, seeing how their life has gone
Now maybe they shouldn't have gotten involved.
because maybe and only maybe reality
It's not like they tell us, like
Note that at no time will I
be glad that he's having a bad time Yes
for something yes something I am going to celebrate Yes for
I'm going to smile something because
Karma has acted, it is not the first time
So
Oh how well brought but of course that is
It has justification. Okay and the
justification is
This is you, do you think you were?
very past and you have won a lot of
money at my expense. Well now you're screwed.
it's great
It takes a while if you are a bad person they pass you by
bad things in life kiss Duarte it
What you have is what you have. Karma is you.
bad person and teases people
busos time that has been thrown away
Here many people say pa but don't do it
same and so it goes all the time that yes that
Sia Yada sees something in the other, okay because
Of course things always happen directly to you.
crying is worth it. This is so if anyone has
doubt has made me cry
to tell their sorrows and to reflect on what
what happened to her because she is a brat and
This is what I was criticizing that we should not do
she's going to do it, haos of that were not
two in the relationship was like the song
From Maluma happy the four how good
She is not very happy now because it is difficult
It is true to be at the top and
find out the [ __ ] on the part of
downstairs is so fun and so comfortable AND
be able to discuss it with complete peace of mind
that this
imbecile what do I say supposedly or not
Well, let the complaint be filed, yes, yes.
It is already very set, it probably already has
to tell the lawyer Look, he has already
said more things in short that is
hypocrite I'm going to say that he is hypocritical
and she has sued Ricky La
Little Princess, let's see, I've been watching.
a few clicks on Twitter are fine. It's not
that I am the best spoken Eh This is it
I make it very clear why
eh it's not that I'm the best spoken and
no one like to say this but
man trying to be objective I have
heard some expressions from
from Ricky to a little princess that I think
Little princess, if you want, you can sue him.
eh calmly and beat him Eh and also
Ricky has a lot of impact and boasts
from the pacha that he takes out to humiliate her and
all that stuff, eh, the dem moves that
has tried to do against me for me it is
very easy to laugh and hack my
the [ __ ] that's happening to him now
Really, eh? And I don't enjoy watching it.
I don't like to suffer, a person who cries
but I don't believe it anymore when
cries every time I told you they were
together as a couple I wasn't lying
I was serious but for you it was
as so unthinkable, so ridiculous and so
ridiculous that you thought I said it
joke
Anuk year also came out mentioned ago
One year Anuk defended her on Twitter in a
topic that I already said that he had nothing
to see in which I shouldn't have to
having interfered when it was none of his business
and that most likely I do not confirm it
I don't deny it either, if he came in it was because
I was with her, do you think he's a boy?
that if I were in love in a
The relationship was going to be on a tear
flower flower do you see him as someone like that
because I don't and it's true that I don't have
a good relationship with this kid is not it
I know nothing but I can't imagine that
This guy who surely considered
This potato is a goddess because the type of
profile of the man this girl was looking for
He is a submissive, basically one who tells me
that I'm the best and all that And that I'm more
mature and smarter and I don't know what
I watered myself
and the brain and the strands of slime and now
I want to come back But now I'm with someone else
but I don't know what it is that I can't imagine
How can that kind of guy tell you that?
everyone would mock her again
a guy like that
can what is
teaching spray What is it
teaching me to mock again
she all the lawyers that she was
putting the pick in so that I
I wouldn't want my channels to be closed.
Dalas and all his doggy entourage eh
they continued to mock her in their
channels because I went to ask him for help and he
another told him go ahead and go there
is making a fool of yourself you are part of
my
life that is true to Dallas He wrote to her
what is it
was what is it
It was Yes, yes, we talked about that here in Dallas.
He wrote to me, I don't know if he told me.
Dallas and I told it here or something like that
Dallas wrote to him I don't remember
what was it but anyway I
I tell you, let's go, let's listen to it
here surely if we don't go now to
the reven's account there are expressions here
From Ricky, I'm not telling you about a complaint.
that he closes the channels, that is not them
channels are not going to be closed to me
you understand but man one
demand I think that one
demand of these civilians could be something else
is that little princess can afford it or
or can afford a lawyer and a
attorney and whether he will put it on you or not I don't know
Now your life is more private, that's it.
Well I'm very happy eh And And also what's more
It's good to have a more private life.
the rock can guess what
want that if it is right that the
Enjoy and if you are making a mistake,
enjoy them too I mean that
each one sagga the ideas that he wants
think you know the things you want
but I know the reality
situations are partly good because they are
one thing asks you see normal
taking the time to open a live show
crying to tell your chat that you
they have cheated on each other if that
This question is rhetorical, isn't it?
Ricky No but Take this cli out Take me out
This clip is for Twitter
Please, how the hell are you going to say this, man?
a live one question you see
It is normal to spend time opening a
straight crying to tell your chat
that they have cheated on you if that is
you
version
boss who opened a direct lolilo a kiss
a kiss, thank you very much, a round of applause to
Lolilo Noe
sell it and say that well first a
teaser as if it were that Marvel okay
you made a one-hour video with her in
the one you accused a turkey with which
She went to bed because she felt like it and
He cheated on you and wanted to meet again
he's worth it you knew it and it was obvious okay No
You are obviously not stupid and
you knew and then you did a series with
she sat you next to her
respond to Dallas and you put it on
here next to her in a series that
then to the second chapter the
you deleted it and started it again to
to react to Dalas again you
just how the [ __ ] are you going to tell
Little princess who has done a live show in
a heated exchange that erased the live broadcast
just as
It ended like a [ __ ] but yillo but come on
is that I go
eggs you see that is normal
Damn, there's a package for a moment.
Do you think that if you have been unfaithful to
someone really deserves to be you
unfaithful to feel the same as he has
sense that
person I am not vengeful well I am
I am vengeful, the truth is, why lie?
I think so, I think so.
which is even advisable is a
life lesson you're not going to learn from
another way to always have the
experience in my life that men
always
They come back but I don't think they will come back
until life has said it has seen that
This girl is terrible, eh, she is terrible.
I was getting excited about this again
person and Paula said if not
If you want it the good way, you will want it
in a bad way, this person is not
the correct one Paula a question do you think that
a person
correct must support that tones and that
you meet a guy who hits on you and
that you communicate it to that person
correct that I don't know it's like it throws me
the cane but I don't know how I don't know what and
that your right person tells you not to me
You're a pain in the ass, I'm not going to talk. I'm going to
to talk about time but if you have been how long
we have reacted you have been talking for 41
minutes and there is still an hour left How
Let time speak, you will not
speak but if you don't shut your mouth
stop burning your dick is coming out
has no context is that you are a
delayed that you are going to your frustration or
wow, in this folder there are things
uncle I have here
anything goes I have the clip where the
Dude, I think I have a clip with your voice.
so let me put it there for a moment If not
you're going to go neither your face nor anything and if it's the
same voice because I know it's this kid
I'll give you the thumbs up for a moment, or so or
she is with the guy she is with
little princess or rather it's me but wait
wait I want to hear the voice of the clip to
see if you speak in the police clip
maritime, let's see that one with the police
maritime to that
Concha maritime police, let's see that Concha
It's not more serious but well wait but
Wait wait for the best indeed if it is
the clip is a clip of a live show No yes
You're wearing sunglasses. Hey, yes, it's me.
you can put you can put the bed a
moment is not going to be seen live alone
I see it to see that it's you, man. No, no.
normal normal I believe that it's you it's good
wait I don't have light That was a while ago
years eh are you it's the same room I am
Yes, it's the same for me, what do you want, Vero?
possibly had a fish eye eh s
from TR you're awesome, dude. Look at the
fisheye from up here I am you
look she put her Instagram you would have something
with a follower and puts her in her
history several of my exes started
being followers of mine so I guess
that's a yes I have more captures of
These are good, yes, I had a screenshot, I think.
your insta because you want to say your name
Or you prefer not to say it to me, it gives me
It's true, well, say it if you want.
I'm good, everyone calls me Tintin
It's fine by me, but your name is Martin.
true yes yes by T Twitter from a
fake account and had sent you photos yes
Well, it was me, it was you who was the one who
everything happened, it was me, okay, listen
Listen then you don't care that
I showed the clips I have of her
This is okay, so this is another, this is a
melon aside chat and it's that for me it's been two
years when this that this is not going to happen
record what happened to you with the anu and
all this This is another topic that just
been in the chat Aha I find this
clip from here look Martí stand up
stand up This is the Chio with which
We're talking about, well, maybe two years.
In the live you can see it without a
a little bit of delay bro eh one thing 2 ago
years how old were you
Well now I have
17 So 15 years old and she does damage
I was 20 or 18 or 19, uh, 18 if I don't
mistake is worth it because
eh Let's see No, the truth is nothing is happening no a
see if she was 18 19 let's go and although
I was 20
still to see if he is 19 he can be
with one of 15, not to see the age of
consent is
16 but of course taking into account the
sexual maturity and the maturity of both No
If it were the other way around it would seem the same to me
Let's see, eh, if you're 19 or 20 and
You're with a 15-year-old girl, nothing happens.
No, Javi is a kid at 15, but at
best kid has a maturity that is
similar to that of little princess yes yes it is not
illegal you have 20 and the other 15 I think
that from 15 to 20 19
I think nothing happens
eh If you tell me maybe it has
It is illegal, you cannot consent, it does not matter.
the proximity of age no no no the proximity
age does matter the proximity of age
It doesn't matter if you are 15
if you have
15 for example a person who is 16
17 18 and I am 19 and 20 I think it is that
It depends on maturity, no, there is no such thing as a
eh There is no such thing as one
There is no rule like a rule that says you
You can spend 5 years, you can spend three
I think it depends subjectively
of the maturity of each of the
two I think it works like this
eh Let's see if I read some comment from the
that I
But we have sincerely talked about it
more times eh but the age of
consent is at 16 already but yes
have
15 if you sleep with a 15 year old person
a 16 17 or something like that that has the
same maturity
Javi depends on the country here in the USA minor
18 is illegal you have to see what it is like
the law in
In Spain, sexual maturity is through the tail.
If you are not of age to consent, no
this
Well yes, but it is not the same as that.
20 with 25 that 15 and 20 I think that I
I think that from 19 to 20 to 15 nothing happens
believe
eh If they have sexual maturity I think so
nothing happens I think we have this topic
treated more times
Hey, yes, he's a man.
founded in Spain although the age of
consent is 16 there are exceptions
where below 16 with a maximum of
5 years left
judge's discretion without charging a crime
H also is very subjective, I mean it is not
as
Hey, if you're 14, well, if you're 14 or 15, huh?
up to three or four more years yes it can have
but if you are 4 and a half years older no or
whether it is subjective is subjective is left to
the judge's opinion you know if they have the
two can be demonstrated or can be alleged
that they have the same sexual maturity
Well I don't know if it's just sexual or
I understand that a little social and such
HM I think I think I think it doesn't happen
nothing
eh another thing would be that for example
eh the girl or the boy whoever has the
that the person who is of legal age is of legal age
be 20 and have a sexual journey
with much more experience than the boy
of 15 or the ch of 15 there That's where
would be the
problem okay if it were the other way around there would be
messed up but in this case, Ugh, I don't know
try to make it boy girl girl boy
that it is about sexual maturity, I tell you
He's putting touch eh also there
We have that, you would leave it to a daughter of
15 have a 20 year old boyfriend my lot I don't her
would leave neither with
25 My daughter and my son are not going to start
leave the house until they have
30 But what am I telling you?
more or less what it is
I read that when I was 15 I rode the mini clo that
He's asking me a question. What do you mean?
I'm going to answer until I have
30th Boyfriend nanai boyfriend
Nanay, I took out the katana that is
here if it were the other way around it would also be
bad but but if the law does not you
difference between boy and girl
The law does not differentiate between boys and girls.
It differentiates you from sexual maturity, okay?
Of course, here we would have to see it, I don't know.
let's talk let's talk
see this topic is very murky no no no
It's cloudy, it's not cloudy or anything. It's not
cloudy is not cloudy it is the truth
we have treated it we have treated it in
other times with other cases Okay
Now another thing is for you to tell me a
note 23 of 24 of 22 with a girl of
14 of 15 you understand me
but if it's 19 20 like that really I mean
sincerely depending on life and
of the
context is that it is like this Now another thing
It's how you see it, morally and socially.
and all that stuff
Okay
In the USA it is mostly 16 no.
18 Yes for some things it is 21 no also
not for alcohol and such a topic no
eh but it is like that I mean no I can't
say another
thing guys one thing one question
Do you see it as normal to dedicate time to it?
to open a live broadcast crying for
tell your chat that they have put you
horns if that's your version Hi I'm
Ricky And this is the confirmed truth
proven and definitive yes I describe it
as infidelity because what I suffered was
a
infidelity is that it has become so
wide the gachon eh
It's just that the lazy guy has become so fat
eh but it's that well here but it's that
Well, a teaser, a trailer, I don't know what.
I don't know how long ago I was 15 and I was dating one.
21 because he had a police car
police there eh police there eh
Let's see, I want to see that, I'll play, I'll stay
waiting for it I just don't understand what
you want me to stand up so that
let's see how high it is
you are that guy what I have in this
folder is so that you understand me for
that you understand me if prin if The kid
this of 15
Yes, this 15-year-old boy is like him.
boy of boy Yes, what has happened is illegal
made a little princess is worth the look, yes
I saw her there in the village, I think.
that I don't think that I think that it has I think that
has street is terrorism deo and state
a
moment clip from your channel chat of
This was already a section in which
She flirted with followers, it can't be
Uh yeah if I'm not mistaken Yeah okay police
maritime apr
that literally that my 15 years
Yes, he confirms his age and peels it off.
So in Diaz you're going to have some What
the [ __ ] vale It's that I don't want it to be
the rest of the folder well Tell me about
where this comes from and how far it goes
because of course you are the kid, you to me, to me
In that email you even told me that
had she been at your house eh No no not at
setback had been I in his with 15
years
eh Yes okay before continuing with
This please tell me alone and it is a yes or a
No, I don't want details if it happened
something yes
He's messing with me, I'd say, as Fram would say.
challenge me guys, he's messing with me
Martin, yes, guys, you are only 15 years old.
says I've been married for 49 years and I started to
going out with my husband on the 15th and I said
Come now the whole collection begins
people and all the people saying how
they take with their husbands with their with their
couples and all that stuff But this is already
We've talked about it, but let's see.
objectively it is so
there is then the issue of you
whether you like it or not, whether you like it or not
It may seem worse to you. Let's see, that's how it is.
there is no truth
further
Yes, damn it. But then what does it end in?
to convert this live But this
listen to me no no no but this is
Damn, but this is from the police station, man.
mother okay okay give a little context
if you want why have you decided now
come to tell this
Hey, [ __ ], I'll play, [ __ ], but you got it for me.
I can't do it like that.
share page
8th page
8th
It is obvious as Remember the
instruction the mother who gave birth to you walks
You're going to send me a screenshot, huh?
page
8 at the beginning of the
paragraph evidently as Remember the
instruction cannot be converted into
minors to whom legal and
constitutionally they are not now either
They do not prevent certain
characteristics of your personality
advise special treatment in the
criminal framework provided for in article 69 SP
of treatment as minors
young people over 18 years of age and under
21 allows you to operate with a parameter
especially suitable for interpreting
the article
183 the existence of a concept of
youth applicable as has been
indicated does not prevent it from being able to
a subdivision be contemplated within the framework
of young adults that covers by
one side for those over 18 and under 21
what the [ __ ] is this this is not what
we are talking
This is not
is the
that intervening deception with metiere
abuse with a person over 13 and under
of 16 will be punished when the abuse
consists of access ta ta ta ta ta ta
But this is not This is not
I will not touch this
this is not it
You have to show your face because you don't
importance of showing my face and demonstrating
What's up, what's happening, what's happened now?
what's happening
here to see
Well, it has been for a long time
wait and see if I find it while
I hear the sea
Rin Look time I say maybe a year
whole because it is all on board, everything is
I mean, I don't even talk to her anymore.
done it I have it bl this is a
revenge Why has he passed you by no O
It may not be for that reason but I know that I wouldn't know
tell you but in plan we are all a
little up to the [ __ ] As who says And to
At least I got tired and said look Tom for
ass I already have your authorization
to teach the conversations that
I'm teaching right, yes, no problem.
no problem ok because this is
taken from his official discord in which
You participated with 15 years in the
section is about being her boyfriend to have
something with her when you are 15, 19 or 18
years of age
2021 host No
I know the relationships will not be crimes
consensual sexual relations with minors under 16
years when the author is a person with
one close to the victim's and with a
similar degree of development or maturity
This is a very generic criterion that
will force the judge to determine whether they occur
or not such circumstances in each
case but of course it doesn't mark you
Look, it doesn't mark you, there isn't one, there isn't one, no
There is a rule that tells you that there are five
Well, there are four, well, there are three, well, no
Well, if there are 3 and a half, it is a crime.
There are three. There can be no cases in which
4 years is a crime and in which 4 and a half
it is not worth it
there is no difference, there is no something
specific in what they talk about proximity
but I understand how close that is 15 to
19 20
eh 14 maybe 16 I understand
Okay, add, I forgot, [ __ ], okay, okay.
then for 3 years basically La Movida
the thing is
and you had a good relationship with her
level of flirting and such Yes but one thing
At this time, as I understand it, I
what I'm going to understand is that what it is
of
little princess it was not a crime Okay and here
Luare is telling me that if it was in the
2021 She was 18 She had a boyfriend no
eh so much escapes me but as far as I know no
Well, nothing, talking and such. And this and that.
another in the end I was a moderator and hey
Gamers and I said, wow, I would love to go.
you know yes And then I was nothing and like me
I'm from Galicia and she's from Madrid.
I stayed at his house
wow man I'm watching Them now
captures uncle now they have clear me in the
moment when I received that I kept it but
It was a roll, he could be messing things up for me
be it her or that she has been around for a long time
free that she be with an account
secondary for me to say this and then
That lie but but little princess had
18 years and 4 months was not a crime.
What the [ __ ] happened What do you think?
Your parents know about that.
eh No but let's see the truth
I guess and yours, damn. Look what?
strong This photo was sent to me by your uncle
at that time when I was like that with her and
the nug comes out too, man
Oh there were other things here that I wanted
I wanted to comment on some things about the
Let's see, I'm going to go to Reven's Twitter
I'm exhausted, I'm 17, that is, 15 years old and she
A year ago I was 20 years old or 18, 19, 18 if
Okay, let's see, I want to see this. I'm 17 or
be 15 years old and she hurts was 20
years or 18 19 18 if I'm not mistaken okay
because let's see, I want to see this that noo
you want me to stand up so that
let's see how high it is
you are that what I have in this folder is
terrorism moment And there is a
moment clip from her chat channel she
This was a section that was already
I was flirting with followers, it can't be if I
mistake V police
maritime 15
years confirms his age and peels it off
Then you're going to have some What the
[ __ ] okay here folder well tell me about
where this comes from and how far it goes
because of course you are The
Kid, can I admit you? I admit you and such.
that I'm not with, I mean, I'm telling you
very clear that during the month
what else
I was Healing Healing be careful you are
Healing What happened when I healed you?
in the hole to see I was with more
good guys
Well, well, that's it, no, I mean, so what?
[ __ ] are you
By complaining you have thrown away more turkeys in a
moment you asked for time
study that type of expressions during
all the fights he's had with
She is constant, eh, eh. You stop sucking.
[ __ ] I don't know what I don't know yesterday we
we were here laughing our heads off
Little Princess and her story with Anu and Creo
that this type of expressions is not
we use you understand me
eh That's where I tell you you can
be fighting with someone but already
You know and we have had experiences that
That kind of expressions can make you feel
They can cost a lot of money, maybe you
It doesn't matter because you have exams. Listen to this.
It can't be uncle, it can't be a
such a short person. I mean, let's see, Paula
Honey, you were there for a while
You asked this kid for a break because
I had exams, I wanted to study and at that time
time You were with more guys
[ __ ] or whatever
Look as before saying Healing
He makes this face that he is actually going to go to
The miniature Pepe points because he doesn't know
How to say that I was more on my own than
the more I was disconnected the less I was
with the
relationship What a crazy thing, huh?
I was more unable to find the words
because he is ashamed of what he did
because he knows that he failed Juan, he knows that
He failed her. He was unfaithful to her. He didn't want to call her.
unfaithful who was with more uncle when not
They had left him completely healed
Healing, of course, so that someone else could heal me.
not that I would hit another object the time that
I was more Healing Healing a relationship
with a boy who is supposed to love
you want him to be the father of your child
sleeping with another host, what a way to heal
that Med hired you so I could be with more
guys because I thought I was but
was a
scoundrel
Well, let's see, I don't know, I think there are a couple.
of expressions
there but I already told you maybe not
I'm stopping to tell you Cristin, I don't know why that
The best thing is that the little princess is not going to do it
never sue or such But well they
themselves have been speaking in several
occasions of
queces looking for lawyers I think that the
problem that little princess has maybe
It is the money that it costs to put it there
I tell you that I know, I don't see it, I don't see it
wild
eh, let's see one more thing and
I'm leaving now, okay, let's go see something
more than yesterday because if we don't get
is going to accumulate a lot of time here and uncle or
It's 4 in the morning and I have to
I have to make some moves
I have to make some moves before
lie down to see if it is
This wine warns the channels of
Salseo Vin says that people on the internet
He doesn't tell a single truth that doesn't bother them
in
eh, even if you don't get information, things are invented and
Then in the chat they write to him that yes
a gossip channel says it and they believe it and
There Vin answers until they run out
the bargain to
see but listen to me people on the internet
not a single truth nor a single one
The truth is that this is not the context of this
What do you mean when you say not a single one?
TRUE
He doesn't even bother to find out
nothing but general eh it is a
For example, people make things up and that's it.
Hala and then they accept them as valid because
Yes, will this be a hint to Jochi and
your video lucin to see to see I'm not going to you
lie I'm not going to lie to you he spoke to me
Sara spoke to me today simply to
clarify that if I came across this
that obviously I don't
that it wasn't for me and it was good for me
I think he mentioned some channels to me
But just in case, I'm not going to say
Nothing is worth it either, but I understand that it is not
I know what those people have said about her
channels nor what's up and what's up, okay? Eh
He told me about some channels and
some Twitter accounts are worth it and that
They have fried. Okay then. I'm not giving it to you.
I cannot take it for granted here
alluded to Although they have never happened nor are
So if you say a gossip channel you think
that has to be true until it is
their free ride ends and people start to
report videos en masse with so many
lies and slander
you know eye
Listen to me there, one day I will return
crazy and I throw channels eh And I don't care
I'm left. I mean, I don't care, eh. You can already
make 40 videos with another channel but
you have to start from
zero well this is already a bit repetitive
what you do not want me to think about
topic no but uncle sh has not me
mentioned but I think it is already known
He gets along with Uncle Sh well, no, I don't know.
And let's see what you think you are doing.
repeat the opinion I have regarding the
Regarding the reporting issue, no, no, it cannot be done.
report cannot be used
tool if you are referring to the
copyright is valid if you are referring to the
copyright then no you can't use it
copyright tool for that which
you want to abuse the tool and
do Well I don't know, I think not.
I think he's not going to say it like that
like until one day you pee that the
I see myself capable of staying so comfortable. Well
yes no I don't have to I don't have to
deny it eh Now that has
consequences obviously if I
someone grabs me and throws me
fraudulently the channels that are my
business Well obviously I'm going to take
measures we will have to discuss and
such and Pascal okay I would love to know about
a guy on Twitter who follows me who
I was having a fight with another guy.
with a YouTube channel that wants it
censor because he criticized it And well
Well, this other channel every time
someone criticizes him Pin Pin Pin Pin and he
He dedicates himself to criticizing, eh? And I don't know what
It remained because the channel was supposed to
YouTube told him the kid appealed and the
channel said that it was good that he was going to take it
in court it is valid because when when
someone appeals then the next one
step is a clear judgment of what is
It happens because no one goes to court because you don't
They will agree when you sign.
YouTube's terms for you
you throw something away because of copyright it has to be
someone who is abusing you
content is worth it even if it is not that
abuse your content is not even that you
take a clip out of context or what
speak ill of you or insult you
If he insults you, you've already seen what happens.
What to do is make demands and complaints.
those things
No, I'm telling you, that is copyright.
someone takes and you every night I
I'm here doing it live, I'm putting it on
for member and someone take the live and
it
Upload it because I use the tool there.
by copyright because they are violating it there
My copyright is fine, but I don't
I can start taking down Twitter accounts
and YouTube accounts Because they put
pieces of me and criticize me And say look
that imp shout jav here said this and here
He said the other thing you know
To me, sincerely, I am in a
point in life where I, who am
say what I mean if there is someone to
better for example this garbage than
These days we are falling for it. What do they call you? Dog
and this kind of things without any kind of
argument Well that V you are blocking and it goes
leaving the channel clean clean clean
and those people can't comment
They never know and they talk to themselves they talk to themselves and
They talk to themselves but they should take videos of me
Well, if I have to start shooting,
channels of people who have the channels
dedicated to me but I'm not going to
do that I I I my channels always
They have dedicated themselves to talking about others.
I'm not going to start throwing away channels that
talk about me, that is, it has to be that you
I say, I say that
I know they will insult Lorena
And surely maybe maybe it will
I report it and I don't throw it away and I leave it to him
there so you know what you
I say people should pray for me
Don't let my general flap go away one day
Hey, that's what I've been telling you.
I would love for it to happen on some occasion
there would be a conflict between someone who
someone who orders another by by by
topics of this to see what remains for
Clara already has an answer regarding
that
topic you understand me you already have very skin
hard but it is not hard skin O
maybe you get one of these channels
who looks at you if you put
and surely to
day now I think that the thing is more
don't worry, because they are involved with him
Dallas above all looks
Here's one, here's another, here's Oh
we had to see this other other
other
another other
another but what am I telling you, look
another I don't know what I'm telling you look look here I am
They start crying, well this is it
crazy no this is every day
Hey you
Also what can I tell you? It is what it is.
So any of these
channels what do you care what they tell you
you know that the
that I have made a little glass for him some times
sometimes such and such no eh sometimes no
There are things that reach me, there are things that don't
Look, here I have a person who
sends everything that she already knows what I
You have to send X people and here
I have three or four people who already
They know what they have to send me
other x
People are already warned of what
These are insults of what these are of what
What are these? And what are the others?
of the things that I consider that I want
save to folder when there is one
folder already filled by lawyer demands And
That's what you're going to see, that is.
honestly unless someone gives me
I play for myself so that I want to enter
because look, it is not defamation but
Let the girl's things be fun
this is mine
I have not heard that yet.
said one thing that I say You Know Me
you know but but that's what I'm telling you
Well, the debate is coming. We laugh.
we have fun I don't have anything personal against
She doesn't understand me at all
Speaking of lawsuits, they already notified you
What am I going to play, man? The truth is that I don't
He arrives. But well, let's give him time.
He said that in a month they would arrive
They won't arrive in a month, it was a lie, let's go
to see it But what am I telling you what?
They have to do it to me or so that I
launch a channel, a Twitter account or
something is like Well, that's what it's for
we are here in a way not doing
gossip no because there will be people who hate you
There will be people who know what you
I say later they are people who admire you
I don't do it all because I don't care
I mean for now
I'm very excited, you don't want to see me, no
you want to see me you don't want to see me
It's that I don't care about anything else. But the
Lies make me very angry
I go out there is something called playing dirty
But we can all play dirty.
No, what happens is that I am at the moment
from my point of view that is literal it gives me
I may have everything I want.
happens
f f
there has been
F I don't know if I were bitter
Well, it would be a bit of a roll
[ __ ] I can From
nothing good, well that's it. Look what you want.
I tell you because I don't know what they said
more about this clip But I imagine
that there we are in a unanimous opinion
not against the tool there is the
What you have to be careful of is the anug
Okay, and you've already been warned, eh, anug
or rather John
Anug or rather Juan, I took only one time
48 hours to find out your name imagine
All I can do is apologize to
Sara and Auron or I will end your career and
I also tell you one thing
I am not at a
step that this channel becomes again
ginner I'm going to bed well to bed
I'm not leaving, I have to do something [ __ ] now
report or rather I have to do a [ __ ] thing
crazy now man it's going to be 5:30
at least 5:30 at least
So nothing eh family Many
Thanks to everyone for today's live stream
I don't know if I've left out any topic there.
hanging yes about Sprint no let's see about
Sprint seems a bit shitty to me too.
Well, we can deal with the print thing.
Tomorrow, probably, to see if they already
Editors tomorrow is that the Editors do not
I have them available
and one is sick the other is messed up
work and not this week or newscast
nor video of the main one that I have as
three accumulated, man, Gibel's thing is [ __ ] me up
You're going to make us see the Gbel thing, come on, let's go.
let's see it very quickly Oh, it's that it's that
You always make me close
always direct with
gibel we have found it here not this
What will be new now? Close directly.
With Gibel I edit Javier no
not the editor at least of the
direct s is by
here which one do I have to
see but we already saw this one
We saw this yesterday
forget it
forget it you've already seen the movie hq me
They invited me today to the function of
press that is going to be done here but they are going to
to do at 11 in the morning you see me
me getting up at 10 to go to the
cinema at 11 forget it
What the [ __ ] is this, kid?
what the [ __ ] is this
kid
Boys, you've been through a lot
things happened to me
I'll tell you what his name is.
boy who was the one who passed it to me who is
a crack is called Fabián
[Music]
Alexis, you too bro.
Ah, what Javi Oliveira did seemed to me
ha
It seems like what a load of rubbish he said, kid.
The worst thing is that they saw that he has a
friend who I think is a friend of all
They Sinkovsky one who was walking in
Twitter eh he asks him but it's not that
Those in the forum all joined together to throw
the coin and the lovski says look at me
I searched the entire forum and I didn't find anything.
nothing and the oliveira says
Ah, better look for what you want.
say [ __ ] man he's a kid Little one is in
straight this turkey we go for
This turkey is live
we're going for the turkey
we go for him
He's not Javi, I have to go to sleep, no
I have to go, I have to go too
I don't know what I have to do
little thing Juanca spent the money on
the ticket is [ __ ] amazing, huh?
No, what we do is
we call it
We call Papalo, Papa comes to you. Oh
but a little boy was already scolding him
that time
no longer did a little boy scold him
That time how old Gibel seems
45 how badly he carries it, trust me but look
you her
the reduction to absurdity of the
nonsense Dallas Javi has gotten angry with
Of course they reduce that then they come to me
all followers of these channels
dog dog woof woof H dog mjid Uh
you are defending Dallas from
everything and it is
[Music]
As a boy, I have not been angry with you.
eh I haven't told you anything because I don't
you have given Dallas the reason but neither
in kovi nothing happens I mean if I do in
Kovsky comes and tells me to go get the tiger.
a kiss Jorge thank you very much yes yes
Here they say hostia, those from Forocoche don't
They had organized to throw this away
was what Dallas said no and there was
messages in the forum that they From the
early days They were buying
and and selling the currency is worth it Yes, they put it in
such have now been organized
to throw it away comes to Cos and says Javi I
I've looked at it and it's not worth it, well that's it.
I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] about you
I mean it doesn't change my
life no Javi said yes Ah you know and I don't know
They make me really mad, eh?
true And if you see it children Javi but it is
that you trust that these people are the
typical but has the same type of
of community that the best eh more or
less eh look look
Javi dog emoji Javi dog emoji Javi
Javi emoji dog emoji
dog
you know, I mean, and no, they're not even talking about
me or anything
eh Yes Yes exactly they are what they say
that that that they see Dallas
Boy, Come on Javi, you do sleep well. But
what are we going to discuss
what did they say
exactly what they said
exactly this
people went to say something like that
Thank you so much, gorgeous. They went to
say something like
[Music]
No, but what did they say in the
click that we saw was something was something of the
stuttering
No, Ah, that's true.
He began to say that Dallas had
taken 500,000 after it had been
taken a
million Yes yes it is true it is
truth dance to it
tasty if I get it Well you know what
There I'll do another dance, I don't know.
what live
Oh, but now don't leave me at least.
seeing him as a little princess that I threw at him
follow naughty Instagram to
See, I said it if the rival team has
one minus one has to
playing you will understand that as soon as you
transmits that they give the chiña to menina de J
what no no he is not doing unfaithful
What are people and more being a figure
publish the whole brain
rotten said the one from the country that has
Argentine food but it's crap
demand or bad reputation for
dear life that's my IP it's not doxing
That is a certification of a
tweet and tells me rotten brain
they have said and he has said no
They haven't told him and he said Ah
No
idiot I feel offended because my
stereotype It's that I'm a future signing
for Madrid and that it is
dance as easy as it is Brazilian no
agr
Well, there you go, guys, I'm leaving.
I have to write a report that's [ __ ]
It's going to cost me my life, I'm going to retire
I'm going to put on my glasses and put on my contact lenses.
so that the screens don't bother me
and I [ __ ] on your life for 3 hours and 20
of
See you live tomorrow, probably No
What a party, a kiss, handsome, bye bye bye
bye
rest and